to the
to to
Lu p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p
p p p p p Pam p p p p p p p p p p
[Music]
p p p p
p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p
[Applause]
[Music]
p
p p p p p
pom pom pom
pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam
pam pam pam pam
Yoshi p
p
[Music]
p p p p p p p p pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom
pom pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam
pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam
pam pam
p Yi
[Music]
[Applause]
Sparkle Oh
[Music]
wow
love
[Music]
ah
I have
[Music]
ye
P
[Music]
I have
ha
[Music]
[Applause]
Go
[Music]
here we
Go Oh
[Music]
Here we go
yeah I love War I'm gonna
[Music]
Win here we go
to
to Ay
Oh a
a Oh a
[Music]
[Applause]
come on hey hey hey hey hey
[Music]
fierce fierce
[Applause]
[Music]
Oregon Hey
am w
[Music]
Let go
Yu yeah
[Music]
[Laughs]
sea
[Music]
Let
go
Yu yeah
[Music]
the live show we have
today the live that we have today and I am
finishing confirming a
I'm finishing something
to confirm a little thing
because the live broadcast could be historic
today
eha a [ __ ] hour has passed note
Speaking of my uncle Giordano, a kiss to
See, I think I'll start with this.
because it's very long, man, it's very long
and I was even thinking when I saw him
in answering you in the main Eh Hello
nights grandfather point I want to thank
the whole of 2024 that you gave us and that you
made the difficult moments go by with a
smile thanks
wizard thanks wizard to wizard we go
to kick us out of here
Okay, as I already warned days before, Ricky Edy
He ordered a strike for the channel
main to knock down the rewind okay Yo
I assume that all of you who are
Here you saw the rewind Okay it almost arrived
I think the 300,000 visits have already been cut off.
when Ricky sent the strike it was already cut off
the reproductions stayed there but
Ricky saw the opportunity when he saw it.
Ok, it's stung, it's stung, but about
all because of what I've been seeing in
some excerpts from the live show that has
done this afternoon and on twitter
Good night Uncle Sur Felir, a kiss
Thanks a lot
and it is scratched Above all it is no longer no longer
that it has been stung especially because
all the taming we have given him here
in every debate eh And everywhere else
that from what they have been telling me
private the people with whom he has
commented on the topic of ext and others about
He is all upset because he blames me
partly because in another part I think that
wings not that blames us for that
the complaint of the complaint of
gender violence has not been put on her
Lali Lali as you already know no eh I already know
You know it hasn't gone viral yet but it already
It is known that Lali has filed a complaint against him.
of gender violence this does not want
I'm not saying he's guilty.
that it be a complaint for mistreating her
Okay
HM I'm saying it's a complaint
that Lali has put Ricky okay and I
It's not my fault Ricky that your ex
has filed a complaint in the court of
violence against women in Zaragoza, I think
that it's not my fault that your girlfriend
I have reported you, I am not the phenomenon
who went live to recognize
that you picked up the phone for eh
register it because he was jealous and
then you scolded him and then there is
One thing that has caught my attention
Attention But Ricky said to ask him
to the kings and in the end they overthrew him yes yes
No no he has acknowledged today that he is a
strike that he has put it with
knowledge of what he was putting
A strike is worth it. Hey, the girl called me.
Pay close attention to a comment that
They put in one of yesterday's extracts
says we must never forget that Ricky
acknowledged in the debate with Dallas that
He locked himself in the bathroom to beat himself up
when he found out about the horns I
I didn't know this was public, I knew it
but I didn't know this was public By
That was something he had told us in the complaint.
There are many things, Ricky
Well, about the phone issue, that's it.
public sun you have recognized it you are worth it
publicly in a viral video you take
and to Twitter where the rewind goes, a kiss my
Fran What's up with you? Have you recognized
publicly Ricky that you took the
phone to Ali while he was
asleep to register it
you recorded a lot of conversations
Okay, and then, well, there is a certain
control over her from eh don't get together
with this if you want to continue with me no
I know what I don't know how much and then you
You made up the rape thing, okay?
em I don't I'm not to blame for that
you have been reported the phenomenon that
made a video acknowledging that it was you
but they haven't reported you
just because of the phone thing Ricky for
what I understand in the complaint
There are a number of things that some are
public and others not but the public ones
are your humiliations to Ali
saying in a podcast Oh Why is it that
Now he's sucking off I don't know who.
I don't know how much Oh because she's a [ __ ]
Your humiliations are in public.
I don't know if they will condemn him or not, eh, I mean
You say you have to defend yourself
defend yourself but don't blame me for what
that you are involved is fine, that is you today
we are going to react both to the twi yo
I thought, look, this is so long, no
This is cinema, that is, the Tchaco that
He wrote to me and I think we're going to take out two.
extracts one from the text and another from the
and another one for the live is worth it because it is that
then he did a live broadcast on me
He also did a live stream for me. Look at it.
face eh Look at the face or rather today all his
chat telling him how bad his face looks
What's wrong with you? I don't know what you're going through.
bad because it is normal you are worried
I understand perfectly that you have one
worry is worth it I understand but no
charge against me now well you Dale
Ricky, whatever turns you want to give it
You give it the twists you want to give it
Okay, you've made up a movie in the
direct that we are going to see it now you have
invented one
what a movie you invented
that you had a button that you had
another button that you gave me a week ago
You have gone to claim a video from me and
give me a strike because you're pissed off
point I don't care if you jump the
content ID I don't care if it's a
song instead of a video you have gone to
do what I criticized so much yesterday
In this tweet it is worth apart from showing the
strike that many people were saying
that I was lying, okay, that I hadn't
put no strike apart from teaching
the Youlet strike
Okay, I'm putting up a 15 minute clip with a
your compilation saying that those who
They throw away the videos because they are copyrighted
some slobs who are complaints
fraudulent ones that censor the one
They censor that they don't want to be talked about
Okay, because you told Dallas in the
debate Why do you throw away the videos
copyright because it burns you that we put
This is what we put the others when you
They throw the video at you, it's fraudulent, eh?
You said, uncle, that you won the
strike to Dallas and that's why twit
He removed the ban from Dallas and removed the
channel to Dallas What a joke is that, man?
They took away your Dallas strike
when your strike expired you didn't
You won the appeal Ricky, you won it.
They removed it when it expired. Okay then you
You have invented today every kind of nonsense that the
Let's go there, see, here we go to
laughing at making the live throw in
the soil and everything comes down to one thing
you want the death that you want to give them
The kids who follow you are going to
believe what you tell them if they believe in
The Three Wise Men give Ricky a kiss yes
They believe in the Three Wise Men. Of course they do.
They're going to believe that you won the
appeal to Dallas and you spoke to him
Mr. Twitch and they took away his channel
Dallas because you're the [ __ ] boss. Well
Of course, of course they are going to go to you
believe everything you tell him but
out of your followers Ricky out of
the bubble of your followers is worth And the
God that you think you are in that
reign of children the rules of the
community and the laws of justice are
others are worth it for that reason, that is why they are worth it for that reason
things that are happening to you on YouTube
That's why today the whole internet was
laughing at you and that's why your girlfriend you
ex-partner has reported you for violence
has filed a complaint against you for violence
gender is valid because things are not
as you want Ricky you can send to
your followers and your chat and the other day
saying I authorize everyone to
that you are going to insult someone who is worth it
You are the king of YouTube kit but outside
from that bubble the rules the laws are
different Ricky then you invent yourself
a story that we are going to see today and
we'll see here you are a hypocrite
be very careful but the summary of everything is
that you have taken and done what you have done
stuck criticizing for a lot of years and no
only when Dallas did it to you here
In a 16-minute clip I will tell you that
complaints when he does it to you, fed up when you
they do a lot of it
times every time you have been given a
copyright strike you said that you
You are right that they have fired a
YouTube worker because your lawyer
appeal a strike you can say one
Ricky's biggest joke can be
You have made what you criticize more of a clown.
you are a piece of hypocrite you are a
piece of burnt and You are a piece of
Beta
Okay, you want to tell your kids
a different thing for you to convince yourself and
for you to have more likes and your car
fool you into thinking otherwise today
The whole internet has seen the face today
the whole internet has seen your face
You are a hotheaded hypocrite and you are many
more things I can't tell you Okay what
what the [ __ ] is that about putting a strike on someone
person because it makes you look bad in the video
Oh, but how could he think of it?
making fun of me in a video where he uses
my content Ah yes, [ __ ] And what is it
what you did in each video where
You said that Dallas was an abuser
pedophile who had a contract
confidentiality eh that's where Dallas is
It was very bad because it censored the videos
fraudulently used the
copyright tool eh but eh what
I put a minute of your music on a
40 background video Oh, that's Tina
teb with little horns nothing else that has
said that you will see it later is not
that in the debate is that it has put in the
Rewind clip of my debate with Dallas
where did Ricky go wrong? I'm not in the ruine
I have been able to post clips of you debating
with Dallas Where you look good because not
They exist, I cannot act as if they do not exist.
that is, if you have complained that the rigu
It's done with me, with me, I can't do it
I have to click on all the debates
really put it and you did the [ __ ] thing
ridiculous and you don't stop doing it and you had
today a face in the live that all your
followers were telling you to go
bad face what's wrong with you
I don't know how much we already know what's happening to Lali
has reported you, new thing, okay, they're going to
sue, they will also sue you
There is also a content creator
the one you insulted, do you remember?
of the demand that you made fun of me
that one that you shared Ho me
convicted of insulting a person Ho
I told her you were a crazy, clown woman. Well, you
you have been sued for a few of
insults a little bit worse a little bit
worst Nothing happens You have a lot of money
You're rich. No, that's it. It's okay.
They're going to sue you. Keep that in mind.
It's also worth it. You're going to get sued.
also
Okay, before continuing, gentlemen, I have
there is a goal of
50 super chat is worth that 50
superchat I'm going to recover today
monetization of the rewind that this gentleman
He has fraudulently taken my voucher Ok and
apart from recovering the monetization of the
rewind I have put there that they are from
of the blue ones The Super chat is not worth it
It depends on how he behaves, okay Mikelangelo.
A good kiss depends on how you behave
I don't have the exclusive for January, okay, I'll go.
to give the exclusive of January
Well, I just got ahead of myself, Fly.
Fay just overtook me. But oh well.
I'm going to expand it, I'm going to expand it.
Okay, eh, in a little while, okay, when
Let's finish this, Caela. Thank you so much.
Ok, today's goal is going to be
first objective to recover the
monetization is worth the second rewind
We'll see, I'm going to make an extract of
from the thread that you posted to me and then
another excerpt from the live because this has
been really eh crazy or rather
crazy the first thing is that I put a
tweet Good afternoon Javi a kiss Lola lo
First is that I put a tweet in which
I show that you have put a strike for
copyright dude you put a strike for
copyright How are you going to put a strike for
copyright to a person because he has
the problems you have with her
You may complain every time Dallas
throw a video you call it censorship Oh what
Come on, they don't want me to expose you to
You have slept with a minor. Oh, what's up?
They don't want you to expose that you are a
abuser Ah but now be careful that
We have drawn Carmen with little horns a
kiss careful careful eh careful what is it
that in the rewind it looks bad because I haven't
I haven't put a clip of it anywhere
where he debates well with Dallas Ricky te
You invented a rape with Lali
so as not to assume the horns you invented
a restraining order not to
accept a debate with the other Good
Nights Javi you are going to help our
little princess, I don't, I don't want a kiss
heart You made up that Dallas didn't
I could set foot in Andorra until they were
3 in the afternoon when they closed the
police stations you wrote a pathetic tweet
you started sharing Antonia
mess with Dallas and tell him that
had removed that he had registered the
girlfriend conversations I don't know what and
Now you are reported Uncle in the
Zaragoza women's court that
see how it turns out for you, let's see how it turns out for you
comes out later we will talk about that because
I have more news about that, okay, I have
I have details of that I have details of the
proceedings for alleged fraud in the
that they charged Delox Vale And today we have
various news okay well I put this
I put this this
tweet and the guy Could not save
the uncle's ardor could not be saved
the ardor of responding uncle you don't even know the
of people who have liked this
tweets from creators who have come to me by
priv we do not interfere with what
others do But I hope to see sen
among other things, scratching one's clothes
These glasses do what they see, yes
They want to do the same thing they did with
Dallas, let them do it and if not, then nothing.
that they don't do it and I think that c has done a
straight biceps flexed face throwing
a kiss a kiss Rosita Hey well This is the
direct it's going to be like this okay we don't do it
we take it as if we are educating a
a minor, that is, let's see as if
we were raising a child, okay?
Punishment and giving it back with the rule
Okay, let's go to how we did it.
debates is the time kids done and
send with an acute accent in super chats
every penny is a kick in the liver
of the haters jsjs And what a day we have
jealousy mrd Grandpa a kiss a kiss
Okay, good Javi, you sound angry today, right?
no way, damn no way, no way
I come to leave King also this sauce
This is the
And this is like this, eh, that is, the whole tweet that
You're going to see it now and then the live show is
so eh the old man the grandfather the insults
the dog the same as always, the treatment that he
gives people that's why now ap
part of the complaint that has been filed against him
Lali is going to have a lawsuit too
A creator Alexis, a kiss is worth
to share the sentence as you do
They like to share the condemnations of others
others When they insult that guy You have to
be stupid You have to be an idiot Ricky de
start celebrating that someone did
condemn when they insult when you do
what you do on the internet You have to be
silly guy but you are Ricky is that
You're not the sharpest pencil. Okay, let's go.
to the mess, grandpa has lied again
I don't know what Ricky I don't know what Or is it the
Grandpa has lied again in a tweet
where I say that you have sent me a
strike Look, we have received a request
of withdrawal due to infringement in the name of
Ricky
Eddie Where's the lie, man?
All you are going to see now is the
insisting on convincing people of
that has not done what you criticize has
done what you have criticized because
your opinions never matter a thing
[ __ ]
[ __ ] no matter what is done but
whoever does it and now no matter how much you
burns that you've ended up like a [ __ ] ass
for all creators because you have
my grain of salt has been left like a [ __ ] ass
sand to the ruined bado biceps flex
Thank you very much Isabel, it is worth many
turns that I give him invention No I gave him yes
days look at the story that is invented eh
and I come to give you a dose of reality
who is older and apparently has
forgot to take it
In short, what is the issue of age for?
We are not going to comment on anything, the brother-in-law is wearing it
crying since last year because
uploaded a shitty video in which he
laughed at me I didn't laugh at you in the
rigu wasn't about you Ricky I mean you
you didn't see it, your Manager saw it and he very
Lerdo used my music to try
make money with it what is it that I
I ask for a kiss when you fall
you laughed at dalla and all the live shows that
you have done about Dallas and reacting
to Dallas debates and when Dallas you
I put strike you were going to Kick to react
there because you knew it would put you
strike on all those occasions you don't
you used the content of Dallas to
laugh at him because I don't
I understand the difference here What is that
in Dallas content are debates or
They are videos and in yours it's you singing
that's the difference you have the
Content ID activated on YouTube by
Youlet is not worth a record label
you are not a reggaeton singer nor are you
Who have you compared yourself to today?
you had compared who he was with b b
I think it has been compared, okay, it's yours.
content of your channel and the content ID
He takes you and me I have the one too
content ID but I don't upload the videos
to the rock when I get burned, okay, man.
you have truly taken the pain that you have
given the pain you have given uncle that you have
I took this desperately to try
defend yourself you have taken a screenshot of
Javi the canine saying that I do too
strike shot Because look I threw one at him
capture to
I have not thrown this at him. I have never
I have not TT'd any of these accounts.
to me I don't no no no I don't want myself no way
part of of everything being in Boca de
everyone dude So they're talking about me
They piss me off, well it's not like I'm pissed off.
They do no harm either
Defamers are harassers and that's it.
those you give the green light to, harassers
I haven't thrown a tweet at Javier Canino
It is being thrown by a person who is
dedicates every day to throw at me
also impersonating me
supplanting the d supplanting such uncle
Get informed. Well, you don't care at all.
You even know it because you see all the
direct Maybe you already know it but
for you, filthy, I'll filthy it for you
You invent and lie because you are a
Javier has been a liar since 2023
using my name and image for profit
lying about my life Ricky
This is what Dallas is.
Dallas dasas dasas dasas
dasas
Dallas
Dallas real guy Well that's what it is
we all do Ricky you have done what
You can turn criticism around
d you have done what he criticizes using
clips of Dallas using videos to
Dallas members using photos
content that you are burned that you are
burned Point Ball because the four
debates you have had with me the four
It has been a masterclass of a
mature person and a small child and
on top of repellent
because you are bad you are repellent
You're a liar, you're a cheat, Javi is on
Fire fire a kiss r
pretty girl twisting news to
invent whatever you want, dude.
2023 when you burned the first time
that you were with Lali I made a video
telling the truth about what had happened to you
past with Lali and you got mad at me
because I was telling you that you said that
I should have asked you
First, clown cuo, I'm going to ask you
you clown what I'm going to talk about if
I have the information verified later
at the time when you were caught off guard
Isabel kisses but their faces are turning
from laughter face twisting from laughter
cara luo when the bull caught you
you started saying that Lali had lied
and that you had followed The Lie
because you were in love with yourself
You invented rape You knew
just like I knew it and I told it in that
exclusive that there were talks of
true ones and not those of the montage
where it said exactly the same thing here
I'm single and my friends
telling him that he lied to you okay or whatever
you knew that the exclusive that I was
giving was true what happens that you in
that moment as a good Beta that you are that
You can't stand that you're not an Alpha even though
You believe it with your children, it's worth it all.
Ricky's voices are reactions to videos
while eating the only content of his own
What you have is crazy Twitter where only
insults women and a little princess What
How many videos has she taken? How many
direct has taken her to humiliate her no
has taken a clip of Princess and content
that belongs to needs to tell you
which is one of the things that heal you
the [ __ ] they're [ __ ] you that you are
a [ __ ] eh with the clips
Little princess, you didn't do that, eh?
you do take the content of others
to insult him and to defame him
Since you don't assume you're a betilla, okay?
In the world of adults you are a
betilla and you don't assume why you want to go
Alfa, okay, you wanted to create the story there.
that they hadn't cheated on you and
that your girlfriend didn't have conversations
with other friends saying that we have to
cheat on Ricky I don't know why you blocked me
You and Lali both cried to me on Twitter.
You cried for me Oh you could have
asked I don't know that I don't know how much later
In the end, after two or three months you left
You selling Alali and ordering the takeover
by ass and giving me the reason without
ask me for forgiveness without asking me for forgiveness
supposedly contacting my ex so that
I reported you for gender violence
I repeat it again Ricky, I have not
contacted your ex only when you
I have had to ask things about
exclusive information that I have given
the tudor ruling and things for the
style There is Lali I have not contacted
with Lali so that I can report you
I win with you
I reported that she contacted Pablo, I didn't.
I don't know where, how, or when, but
come on, I could have had you, I could have had you
having reported using Pablo that
It will be the one who has found the internet or the one
that has known because it moves in the
world of youtubers or you would have
reported Also using
Pepita, I was going to report you no matter what.
meaning that he has not even been contributing since 2022
that Ali was going to report you but it is
that this was not even quoted, that is, someone from
Here it was thought that Lali was not going to Lali
at some point I was not going to report
Ricky watched my live shows
reacting to my truth I already said it there
In the future we will see how Lali does it
complaint and that's how it was, don't pay it
with me putting on a crybaby strike Def
have played to support you Javi and only
I say that nothing better than our old man
tasty putting the points on the
Yes, a kiss to this brat Ricky.
Thank you very much but don't pay for it.
with me Who would think of taking and
make a viral video uncle that they had you
you cheated on yourself and tried to deceive yourself
you to deceive people that it was a
rape when you knew you weren't because
you had registered the phone number of
she knew she wasn't one
rape you knew very well that it wasn't
a rape when you made that video
I had chosen the phone and who
What little baby comes up with it?
sit in a viral video and say that
has chosen the phone while
sleep this is a crime can
Report me whenever you want, that's it.
that has made you denounce that you are stupid
And now how are you going to defend yourself, what do you say?
that you are going to defend yourself How are you going to
explain that you are going to your podcast
friend delox and the other one uploads it too and
You both say that I know who the aunt is
he's sucking off I don't know who, I don't know who
how much that is in the podcast
still posted today don't delete it anymore
that is
certified ole Fran has uploaded the rewind
in
Twitter ole wait I'll retweet you
Fran, yo yo, these are real things.
that I am not the one who can do these things
understand So that you know in
public what makes you put yourself later
in podcast to humiliate and insult her
an aunt who can report you to say
that sucks it over here that she is a [ __ ]
There is a tweet saying Yes you are one
[ __ ] I don't know what and it's my fault
I still have to report you because the
lawyer is the same as mine but what
It makes more difference if he is my lawyer than if he is
Rubn jber to be the pericano
any of the lawyers who are in
YouTube that could have taken Hazte
being responsible for your actions is worth being knowledgeable
of the facts being aware of them
facts you're going to give me
say or so this what does it mean that I
I really know that you shouldn't be
You will not be stupid to report it, you have not
had the nerve to put this Ricky
when I know the content of the
You had the nerve to file a complaint
This when I know the content of the
complaint
Ricky those who are not familiar with the
facts are your followers defame send me
on all its channels and social networks
even publicly threatening to
come to the country where I live and attack me
Sure man why are you mentioning
minors and I'll tell you again as many times as possible
that you want the children do not touch each other and
The truth is always a warning
Yasmina will win a kiss, you don't have to
why put the children in for nothing and you
I said it very clearly if you want to accept it
you accept it and if not then nothing that you
you want but what do you think that I
I told you very clearly and I told you
Explain very clearly Ricky. And if you have
some problem complaints okay But you
I said very clearly that you are not going to tell the children
put it in your [ __ ] [ __ ] and in your [ __ ] [ __ ] and in
your shitty content because then
Well, you will have consequences. Of course, you
follow you follow Ricky you follow Calm down and
pay attention that between trials and trips you have
started the regular year and you have to
understand some things the one who has
the regular year has started, it's you, darling
I have the same harassment groups
always the same persecutions of
always you You think that I have started
the regular year
Ricky where have you seen me starting the
regular year in the Rockefeller Building or
in Time Square where at what time
today when I was feeding the
ducklings on the lake quietly
sunbathing Tell me when
started the regular year because I am the one who
I'm seeing a bad face, it's you, I'm touching you.
The one I'm seeing looking bad is
You are worth the monetization you have
the rewind monetization has been left
Gentlemen, there is the objective.
we fulfilled today two or three times and
I'm getting rewind monetization back
money that's the only thing you are for
you measure what you spend the money on
you give so much importance to money, money, me
I have more money I have more money
Well, you'll have a lot more money, son, but
You have little dignity, it's worth money, of course.
Yes, well, okay, do you have money? No, I don't know.
You can deny that you have more money than me.
That's clear, one YouTube notified me.
that was using my theme so
I retained the monetization It is that here already
this that this what is it
Ricky, do you think it's okay to say?
This seems fine and normal to you to say this
That is, I am putting a click here for you.
16 minutes of you crying
To all those who have given you a strike
fraudulent that how dirty that touching the
work of the
Otherwise we were watching it yesterday, I'm not going to go.
to put it back, okay, you have it in
Twitter and you now you
I get a notification from YouTube and I
you remove monetization you are a clown
You are disloyal and you are low
it's worth the [ __ ] [ __ ] that you are
mentioning it we all have Ricky a
control panel where the is detected
content ID okay Look what a coincidence the
first ones that appear here
880,000 views you putting me in a bad mood
face on the Ricky Edy thumbnail
100% content match
Watch 100% of the other content Watch the
third 492000
visit 100% of the content is worth it, look at it
your yupa Claro every time he jumps every
every time someone clicks on me
YouTube also notifies me but I don't
I give this little button a piece of
slob that you have been criticizing for a while
I haven't given any of them for many years.
little button That's not done here we are
everyone working and if you don't know
Don't you
goals if you don't know Don't get involved I'm not
fed up with me not with me not with me
You have to eat a lot, I'm not a big fan.
that kid you were with
Clearly puts YouTube on and off.
I give monetization what's yours is yours
What's mine is mine, I'm not going to throw it away, eh?
Like when Dallas threw it at you
you have
complaining you are what you are uncle a
hypocrite you are a bad person you are filthy
We have already demonstrated this in all the
debates we've had are very dirty
Don't hit the button, no way.
No way. That's not done in content.
what has happened and you can have a
problem with a person everything that you
you want but here I see a
I appear here to me, they appear to me
Here in the deo of people Look we see what
people appear to me here around here
appears from people with whom you are probably
I don't get along very well, okay, probably
Here I appear to be people with whom I am not
I get along very well, okay? And it doesn't pass me by.
by the head because I get along badly with
a person because he insulted me
stuttering didn't insult me the other day
It doesn't occur to me to give him a button
because you have used my content
Hey, you're a bad teammate and you're very short.
very envious and you will have a lot of money
but you have many shortcomings that we
You cover with the money Ricky that's the one
problem that you have with money
the complaint that Lali filed against you is not
Okay, you have to argue and the judges
It's not the children that you have
there you are inventing this
history is worth instead of putting one on it
indefinite absence that I had the option of
apply it and it would have knocked down the channel
what the [ __ ] are you talking about
Ricky, that's not it.
There is part of the maturation from a
child to adult is to assume the
consequences of the actions, let's go Ricky
Don't be a brat and put your heart into it.
consequences of the things you do
you made me give him the option to throw me away
the song with the complaint you have
Now, but come on, I haven't seen this.
in life if you show some captures
because I have never seen this in my life
that they give you the option to throw yourself away
entire channel Well then We already
we would have seen criminally that is what
first and second
um, I haven't seen that in the
life, let's see, I'm going to keep quiet, just in case
that shows a capture and exists but I
I have never seen that in my life. So what?
makes sense that you for a video in the
that I use your content, throw me a
channel and give you a button the option of
Throw a channel to you what you get is
This Ricky, this I don't have a here
button to ban the channel from anyone
I have a button to throw the video not the
channel O to remove the
monetization But he says here I requested
to give him one more week for this
It is a lie that has been marked for
all the live Okay now we're going to do it
see thanks manuem Today I played in this
Thank you Javi channel Thank you very much
manuem mi this is a lie that has been
invented during the whole debate Look at the
content ID issue when it jumps
automatic when the creators do so
have it set up to jump on you
monetization to others as it has
spent these days with Win mum and This is not
He doesn't give me one more week or anything.
in the style he has gone manually to
report the video he has gone
manually to report the video to me because
He is a hothead, a slob who criticizes
Okay
he doesn't give me a week this is part
of the procedure of Copyright is valid
eh When to the record company or to the
Network or the creator jumps
This applies here if you have it set up.
for monetization to come out As for
For example, Wismichu's is worth a kiss.
falls
and I appeal, he rejects the appeal Javi
I applaud you Why would anyone else
puts himself at your level and would knock everything down but
You showed that you have more dignity
that you are a great one, go with all that
I'll be there when he wants me to come up here.
I walk him again and I educate him again and
I give him a punishment to write The
blackboard five times things when he
want me to come up here and I'll hit you again
the walks I've given him in the others
occasions when the idiot even raises the
double chin to its channels that neither with nor with
Edition is saved Vale when he wants
that goes up but in a dirty way is d
I give up
that d desav seen in him that he is bad
that is all he criticizes is all
that he criticizes Eh This thing about the 7 days is
a lie this is part of the
procedure and Tommy can prove it
5000 subs so that grandpa doesn't say hello
No no, I'm not going to do that at all.
the world's money
Sextor this is part of the procedure you
First you claim monetization And if the
record company or the creator or the Network
In this case it rejects you. Then you
gives you a strike that takes a week to
arrive as I already told you in the video This
It's not that I did it voluntarily
It's that this is part of the
procedure without more for example the
tomy le black Tommy le Black who has
Wismichu's mistake was skipped, he is worth the mistake
that he had is that he gave him the appeal to
all the notifications that came to you
about the youlet no youlet no the new
Win michu Network Having given it to you
all at once the Win michu Network
He rejected everything at once. Then
has been forced to delete
the video because it would be four five six
strike you understand me I could too
remove the video Delete the video no
I get a strike but of course it is that
Obviously I'm not going to do that because
no because it is fair use and because I
can I use eh a the content
transforming it, that is, there is no more
is that there is no more I can use the
content transforming it I have done it
I've done it with Disney, but not with Warner.
I'm going to do it with fidodido
Please, what are we talking about here?
that we believe uncle that you put yourself to
say the other day that they had been thrown out
youtuber from the YouTube company to a
support worker because he rejected you
a strike appeal and you and you
lawyer pulled his ear you are a
buffoon uncle It's that really
anyone over 14 years of age
you hear a guy saying that and you
parts of the
ass any person over 14 years old
You hear him saying that nonsense and
you laugh your ass off, man, they fired a guy
Youtube worker from the Philippines because
Your lawyer gave him a call because you
they rejected you once
appeal we heard that yesterday in one
I don't remember the extracts now.
what minute is it but I'm sure Luar will tell me
knows how to say the
minute he received several notices from the
platform explaining to him that if he kept
My song got a strike, I got the
notification there on the panel as I
I told my followers and that's it and I didn't
I have to cut a piece of the rewind
making legitimate content without more value
But above all Ricky is that I don't do it
because I don't feel like it is that I don't
I do it because you have been playing for 3 years
balls with the copyright of course I could
having cut the piece and having removed it
the ruan and having raised it again but it is
I don't want you to screw me over
I like a video when you've been playing for three or four
Years of bothering with copyright
I just don't feel like silencing that
part of the video when you are 4 years old
so and I am the one who sets the times
Here, for that I can be your father
And what do you think the old man did?
thank the gesture and modify your
content to respect my
property because the very senile appealed
This is the only thing he knows how to do.
insulting called the insults senile
You are talking to a 40-year-old person
that is in his [ __ ]
Prime you are a 30 year old brat
that it seems you have the mentality of
12 Ricky what the [ __ ] are you talking about that
nil be a kiss
handsome saying that he uses my song
It was legal and that in the removal Well here
You're already starting to justify your things. Look.
You spend months attacking me to stop the
[ __ ] your balls
owner nonsense clown of his but
Dalas has to put it in I put you in your
Ricky site You have not put on your site
nobody in your [ __ ] life Nothing but
small children in any world where
you leave the age of 14 the people who see you
You look ridiculous today with the tweet.
strike you can't imagine the
creators who have come to me first
They told me this stupid guy has lost
the head Or what is wrong with it goes away
Thanks a lot, man, you can't even
Imagine the number of creators who have supported
that tweet that maybe they won't tell you
To your face but we go a lot
Now the children are going to tell you what
whether it is that now we are going to see some
how many tweets from your followers
saying well don't make fun of Ricky if
you want to play his song When the uncle
I've been hanging around with him for 4 years.
copyright of Dallas vale you have not
put no one in their place Ricky
any of the four debates that there are
Here mine with you are you giving a
tantrum as if he were giving up
a nephew Thanks for so many things without
explanation I love seeing how the
who mess with end up doing the same
same as they criticized you for double glasses
skull and crossbones morality
skull and crossbones
are special
all are
special this has seen the box that I
you have
since by the way someone fixes it in
the chat box
Please, by the way, someone fixes it.
box
Please have you seen the box they gave me?
given and they have said well I have also
He hasn't reported me to hell with it
No complaint has arrived but I ask for it
Just in case it comes to me, well Ricky, what not?
you have put no one in your place
life Nothing more than to little children when
you have fought with them or you
tamed anyone uncle anyone
Major, I've tamed you, uncle, the four debates
Here with me, the debate with pathetic
Dallas man is that he complains, he complains about
that I didn't leave it badly in the ru
It's like a clip I put Where you look good
in it
ru and you end up threatening me physically
you spend years behind people who
They hate me and try to hurt me
legally that I throw myself years behind
Who if not I will not even run into you?
if you hadn't put the
strike there you have the box fixed okay
Lili is putting it fixed just in case
Someone wants to give monetization for
there too
Okay, look, he's sending me places.
minute Ricky Look listen to this man
really listen to this dude and come on
really ashamed
or terrorist attack that I have not published
Never on my YouTube channel But oh well
and keep in mind our policies
I do if after reviewing it you think we have
made a mistake you have made appeal
I have not made the decision because I have not
It's absolutely useless, luckily.
I have a set of lawyers from the
[ __ ] [ __ ] they [ __ ] the
ass of the person who did the review
manual through which I got the second one
strike and now he doesn't work for you
you're the [ __ ] joke you're talking about
There you trust the clowning, the nonsense that
You say there that you have a lawyer from the
[ __ ] [ __ ] that they appealed a strike and
who have been fired from their jobs
YouTube Well let's see if that lawyer is so
Well, what are you going to need and now
cry because YouTube deleted you
video where you used my content to
make money, we won't even talk about this anymore
where you used my content to earn
money This is not even discussed
gentlemen
of laughter Thank you If you want to donate for
recovering video monetization is worth it
You can do it through Super chat or
in the box where the link is fixed
Ok, we already have the first objective.
practically fulfilled I go Lili
wait there it is pinned in the chat
Okay, look, as the song said,
is sanctioned I'm sorry I feel that the
neurons are enough to invent your life
of yours
idols but you lack them so you don't [ __ ] yourself
above when you use the work of
others is that it is a constant of
hypocrisy uncle is a constant of
hypocrisy sorry you started the
year asking for money from the [ __ ]
that you
They are still here and are already insulting you.
You guys are worth it if you're going to leave
or you're not going to leave it okay I'll leave it at
your
hands to pay your judgments while
you spend yours traveling the world
And Ricky, I spend my money.
I work in whatever I want
Okay, so I think I'm going on vacation.
twice a year and the rest of the year I
I paste it here almost
247 I can go on vacation I can
go on a trip and I think I deserve it
especially since my job is to endure
special children like you are priceless
That is to say, not this weekend I
I should go to New York again and
I should put a bar here because
putting up with special children like you
It's paid with what I earn, that's what it's worth
I have set the bar and that is why I have set
I feel that shitty content that
you produce and your own decisions you
have become a user to whom
everyone knows but no one likes him
have
relationship who you have a relationship with
you with Augustine 51 with whom you have
your relationship with Augustine
51 who had to ask me for forgiveness in a
direct so that no so that no
file a complaint also because
It was a little bit of who you hang out with
Ricky with him
delox I'm still waiting for you to do it
a series like Pambi but with the
from the trial of this one that just happened
have to have it just filed then you
I will comment or why it has deleted everything
your channel which also interests me a lot
Okay, I want a series that I love.
report that is your friend You have
first-rate information
hand you friends because one day you support
one and the next you give birth to if
They put the bills in the boy
I'm sorry, I have no [ __ ] idea who that is.
I am faithful to my friends, I am loyal to
all the people I get along with and
that doesn't betray me and I only put it in
beat the donkeys like
you both know the real reason why
that you appeal the claim Claro Claro
We both know this because I use
legitimate Of course we both know it
because it is fair use and how good it is for you
the strike has come for other things
I love Ricky. So he put me one.
TR super dirty that you put one on me
penalty on my main channel
when you yourself in these clips know that
they penalize you for the channel that shad you
They ban me, I love it, I love it, the truth is
It's just that it's been great for me, no, no, no
Nothing I wanted more than to
you will throw away the one we were with
sacrificing the whole of December there is no
nothing that I really want, to be honest
very cool So less crying and more
head next time but if you have
Don't worry, in today's live broadcast
Let's review everything
process in case you didn't know I don't know what not
I know how much good in
end this for your kids who will
supports someone tells him he's a clown
based and Ricky puts the
nationality right fresh out of the
class of class of class yours come out
jail followers
fite with the guy you're talking to and
with the guy she's with, that is, Pambi
It's a scam but with the r he spoke to me that
He has just been released from prison for threatening
to an uncle of
death of a child
Okay, what does the kid say? He thinks that
you can use without permission something that has been
a person has worked hard on something that has not even been done
worked done with the dog, I don't know
find out about
media But why would I use the song of
someone you supposedly don't like
because I like the song
cuer because I like the song and it came
perfect in that
moment and it is a tribute also not
We've only been here half an hour and we're already here
watching a classic dressage as only the
Grandpa Olive knows
I'm going to do one thing and see if I have it.
Okay, I want yours.
body
I want to feel you
my body
Alendo I want to feel your body of mine
because my to
I don't think I don't think it bothers him
Tina I don't think this will bother Tina.
Okay, but he asked me if it said
Ricky with if he put those little horns on him
to Ricky if he approved it and I told him
I don't think he would be offended by that himself.
He makes jokes about that, no, I don't get along.
with him but he is not usually a thin skin in
that Look what I told her
the girl of the Enlightenment for whom
You've burned, man, for what you've gotten into
one strike because you have been given two
little horns like this the editors of
made in one of the debate clips
when they put him eating the banana
They put the image of him eating it
banana to Win michu which is what he
he was dedicated to what he has dedicated himself to
Okay, there's eclipse, look, and eclipse, what?
I told you about the photo, you have the screenshot
hand what did I tell you about the photo I told him
take it off because I don't want anyone to be
rebuked that suddenly now you have
you started the 2025 burning where for that
kind of things uncle or uncle ricki from
You really put a contract here for me.
with
Dallas you have put me
I don't know what you've told me about a 13-year-old girl.
you have put a necklace here on me
You put a to announce the debate
bowl I have not seen that I tried you
throw a stick for those things
uncle now that we are with
That one with those skins is making fun of me. Uh
Uncle, what are you doing here with? Look at this.
What a great thing you put the thumbnail.
disgusting
Uncle, look, why are you scared of the debate and
you are not able to assume that you are not
able to recognize anything, uncle, it's just that I don't
You are able to recognize nothing here
making fun of Liy's tumor that if
It was a lie, I don't know what, I don't know how much for
your egg for your eggs, man, you're doing it
sinking yourself
Ok, well, Eclipse is sending me something.
wait for the
editor I don't know if you get to it
Reading is fine, but I'll read it to you.
I remove the photo of Ricky eating the
banana you are you are pathetic guy
pathetic
Uncle Good guys challenge Fran the
rewind okay that he has uploaded it there to his
Twitter to see if he can do it
monetize and let's see this live
pathetic This is going to be another excerpt So
that we are going to the good thing It turns out to be
guys Ricky is looking bad
face that brings me why this is giving me
thing eh I'm getting this little thing eh
eh It turns out that Ricky is very today
worried trying to convince his
followers that he has not done what he
has been criticizing these for 4 years
It's 50 minutes that I think I'll be happy with
has summarized
eh, so this is what I think is 50 minutes
that luare has me
In short, he started to ask me a
direct to try to convince that no
I know how to try because it is not necessary either
for the people who follow Ricky no
It takes a lot of complication but to
try to convince the kids that
They continue to claim that he has not done the same
that others when they throw
strike unhinged the creature
Christmas and news that relate to the
New Year's Eve and the Three Kings' gifts
First of all I want to send you a hug
to all those involved in this case
after all it has been a profit for h and
by B for me by h by B for my channel
for my figure and for my content So
It is always a pleasure to receive this
type of incentive and gift and they are
things that were not expected and I think that the
real surprise This is how it goes
Being time for a Game Over does not comply
all the requirements would be a very good one
long Perea no but well I'll give it to you Hello
Javi handsome, nice afternoon, a kiss Luca
Thanks a lot, kid, we're already 32.
eh also the song was popular in the
just a year after the breakup with
Lali is normal to include her in the rewind in
Actually, what I told the editor was that
put the scene of him at the concert
singing it And from there he threw me the tweets
of breakups and such and he took Y
put the clip of the song A m no me
It seemed wrong because it seemed to me like a
Tribute to him and also to Ricky No meter
something good about Ricky and something that was from
year the truth I mean it was perfect eh
But look, I saw it as even
a tribute to him, eh, so I don't mean it
I saw how I say to put one in it too
good thing No, I don't know what Uncle Dallas did
parody of himself saying that
holdea and all that stuff
Uncle, you have to make it so that you don't know what you're doing.
You're going to take them but in the end you'll get it
you obviously get good surprises
The bad thing is that they can be done
counterattack and the bad The good thing is that
They can defend themselves much better than
how the attacks come mainly and
If not, we'll see what V is thinking.
in the complaint that Lalii has filed against him
Look look look at the face he's wearing
Uncle, it's not my fault that
Alali has reported you, you have it.
but it is that neither
I didn't quote or quote that I was going to quote it
report, eh, that is, in 202 it was already known
Lali is going to report you, that is, you are a
that you are dev based but you don't understand
that outside the bubble of the kids that
They follow you as based, you won't give anything, dude.
Lali cheats on you
horns a Lali you take away her cell phone
you recognize in a video
viral you start saying Well she me
You can report it if you want and that is what Y
what you thought it was going to be and what you believed
that was going to be Now what happens if the
Complaint forward with Andorra
What is going to happen with Andorra?
Ricky with all that you boast about
money you earn and pay taxes on
Andorra is not what it is like to be mentally ill
to focus on what it means to not have your head
center but well Today I come to talk about
something that you had mentioned to me in
live recently because apparently
There is a profile that I already left quite a bit
ousted last year by
Well Ricky, you haven't defenestrated
Nobody You keep repeating this kind of
comments that are pathetic like that of
that fired a youtuber employee
things that he does for the kids. Well, but
for people who are over 14
years how pathetic the four debates
that are on my channel with you are four
debates on what a father is
laughing as it ended he didn't lose his
nerves threatened physically eh Javi Javi
oliveira is a creator of
content but well he is a person who
defames other profiles and invents
the life of the club to have relevance
and attention and I saw it the other day that
was on a trip had gone on a trip
Ricky laughing at the tumor
leasing a video series giving it a try
to this child to this
turkey let the turkey go, let the colleague go
makes money for Trkiye is
bald but I think this will be the ex
what is happening now because it is not
You can see that he's having a great time
Gosh, you've become a series.
talking to you with this aunt talking to you with
the other with the three then the
You threatened to do a live broadcast on him. What do you
You think what the hell is it that I would like
know what the hell this guy thinks he is
when the girl is tired and
another and the other who threatened them because you
I'll make a video if you don't give me back the 200
dude, what the hell do you think you are?
You are what I think is great
I highly recommend people to do so
clear your mind when things usually go so well for you
It is bad to travel It is a thing that clears
a lot and I saw it and a few came to me
videos in which I appeared I am hozando
for an event that had occurred with
your main YouTube channel
I was obviously aware of this
made because I'm going to explain to you step by step
step that is what happened to give you the
version both mine and the one he has given
told and rescue the real version with
the tests that he did not want to show
And then put a final point to this
such a ridiculous mess that he has attempted
use for a fairly external case
more eh or rather to throw [ __ ] at me
a much stronger way but that
It has turned out quite well for me
You've turned out pretty regular, Uncle Ricky.
pathetic for all creators of
content you have become like a pig you have
become pathetic and on top of that you are not going to
to be able to complain more about when they put you
one strike now then go kick to
react to the Dallas videos every
time you want to eat from it but you already
You won't be able to complain any more each time
that you are good for your followers Yes for
your followers but if people from outside
your community sees you complaining that you
If they put a strike they will give you all the
time in the mouth with all this with
all these clicks and with
This is because it burns and all because
you're screwed because the girlfriend is the ex-girlfriend
He has put an ad on it, the thing is that
Last year at the end there was no RWI anymore
You know it, in fact I made a video
reacting to YouTube's ruinous secret
that Ral was the ruined pardon of
Saul who was a pretty cool rewi who
Yes, I had a bit of text and too much.
deadpool but he was pretty cool
but it wasn't the only rewine that came out
Obviously, as Alex is cool, he has already
said that he is retiring from making rewines
that he is no longer going to take care of me a big deal
The mustache, man, makes me so lazy that
[ __ ] dude eh the monkey said he was going to
take charge of doing r because it seemed to him
a project I had started and
had become popular but it did not
It was interesting to continue carrying out this because
many profiles wanted to have their
own contribution by making a reign then
collecting the most viral things
more memes more commented or more
striking that had happened during the
year one of the profiles that makes that
wanted to make a video of this style was
Jav Javi Oliveira himself made a
rewind using the 90 for at least
what I saw that I saw the minute in which
I used my song A template or AI
basic edition that cost very little
which was one thing anyway but
I was going to check that out but it has happened to me
thrown and Ah well Fran has it Wait
wait Fran has it and check it out
but he threw it at me no
Hey, 90 is
that if it were, nothing would happen but
let's go to where I am
I know these are scenes that we went to
badjo to record that Alex recorded it which is
a piece of professional worth this is the
Tommy Vale scene created and edited
by him in the style of his videos Ok This
It is a scene that is recorded and assembled
Okay, these are scenes that don't sound like this.
He recorded it for me so we didn't do it in
person because he was in Colombia
The girl recorded this for me this time.
The jury also found the scene spectacular.
her scene is spectacular the scene
This is what she recorded for me as well.
very good cool guy
The car is also very cool.
we get not in exchange for the
mentions innocent Duke all of
three sauce This was sent to me by the
multifaceted he did it he cured it himself F
everything this slob has thrown away
eh No no it's done
cona the only thing that is made with AI that
on top of that it's [ __ ] crazy, trust me all the
people who participated Dross made his scene
Dross Iker Jimenez made his scene, look
What the slob has thrown away, eh?
kid did his animation scene
also the geek Marta Riesco from her
program also Albert trust what he has
thrown the pig eh that was 90 percent
made with what it is made with
Look at this by Daniel Sancho, it's done
with ia
and the rawai thing which is on purpose
obviously I can't convert to IB
we tried to make ibai become
Hulk What happens when you squeeze, squeeze
he [ __ ] himself, he [ __ ] his pants and
we said pocona we didn't get that to happen
become a real hul but it's that
there is nothing more
ia 90% is made with ia and thing
facilitates Mira Alfa and Marta made their
scene that Alfa also edited for me eh Me
He sent it and everything is super cool, trust him.
that the pig has thrown away, eh, trust this
It's ia this is ia F what has thrown the
Pig, eh, you're a bad person, huh?
repellent, very dirty, very deceitful, very
Well today you've really turned out to be Ricky.
maybe they'll be telling you in the
face they won't be telling you in the
face but that people the creators me
have contacted and those who are supporting
t and such And you can turn it around that
you want and invent all this that you
You've invented your kid, okay, but what?
sleep today knowing that today you have been
for everything today you have been seen a little more
your face was already visible, it was already visible
has seen Vale now missing the
complaints see how they turn out But today you have
what we came to talk about is over because
I don't know how much I invested in the project but
but what a shame that in the end there wasn't one
charged he was an r in which he
used for two things, that is, it is put to
to boast that he has kept the money
From rewine to you Spend the money
in lawyer or whatever you want
spend spend it Now when Lali you
denounce first for yourself it is true 40
minutes and I've seen clips of different
parts on Twitter that imply that
yes I did collect some of the things
most viral and most famous on the Internet
but another of the things for which it
used to lick his balls
Give this as usual a piece of news
It's not what I came up with that the scoundrel was
to eat Dala's balls until
Where I know Dallas only appears in its
scene because obviously I had to
having a scene is not the thing
pambi and in the debates part
because there was obviously a part of
this year's debates and how are you not going to
bring up the debate about him with
Dallas What is the [ __ ] food?
Ricky What is the [ __ ] food?
What makes you look bad is that Ricky ASSUMES that
all the mess you made with the debate. Look at you.
and your friend made a historical fool of himself
and this is here and you have thrown away the ruin
for this reason
Uncle, how tall are you? How tall are I? I know
that you don't want to answer because you know
I've seen your [ __ ], you've seen mine
[ __ ] yes have you seen my [ __ ] yes
When did you see my [ __ ]? Ah
I'll tell you this, Ricky.
This is you This is what you
you did in the debate
creature No what Beta am I that you are a
Beta comment and to throw [ __ ] so much
to his enemies as he currently does to his
enemies I refer to those of Dalas as
currently also yours do not How
It could be me who considers myself an enemy now
He told me that he wants to attack me
physically and eh defames invents my
Life lies about me, it makes things up, eh?
non-stop throughout the season that
that he sees that he has it up to date and that he
You can do what it seems or what you believe, eh?
for this I used it So I have
say that I never got to see the video
complete first because it was 40 minutes
from a channel that I think has subbed me
It's a bit lazy second because it
I may have seen on Twitter a lot of you
Do you think my channel makes you lazy?
will give it now because I have messages
yours here asking me please that
react to your content because you
love and you like to react to a a go to
people react to your videos and your
things but if you are aware of everything
what we do here at the moment you the r wine
You saw it like a dad and you said, "Not there."
has seen my manager
It's hard to predict a rewi made with a cone
When will there be absurd and crude memes?
and there were people telling me have you seen that
This guy has used his rewi to
attacking you until the end of the year is
thinking about you in short, in fact I believe
who was traveling with the family and
It was a shitty video but oh well
the thing is
that Pau one of the moderators of the Channel
He tells me, hey, it's normal that I define it as
It is not normal that the dog has done this
This is in a video of his and he sends me this
fragment of Javi's rewind
[Music]
oliveira we want to say that we are not
together how are we going to jump it no because
also capable and puts the strike here no
he
filthy F what bothers me I have to say
I don't know if any of you are using it.
headphones, speakers, or a device
of anal vibration that will come to you
the sound frequencies that are in this
song but maybe maybe you
the song that is playing sounds a bit like
background F where it has bothered you that I put
the
song uncle yes my friend who is the fan
Ricky liked the rewind eclipse
is scratched by his personal issues And
He is bitter because this has happened to him
reported that we will be commenting on How
That complaint is going to happen, because there has already been one.
There has already been a good step, it is a song
Mine obviously has not asked for authorization
neither permission nor my production company
distributor nor me as an artist of the
theme to use it and in different
parts of the video in a pair that there is
been able to see what really happened to me
I say it Oh, I didn't ask your permission Ricky
Let's see, I would swear that yes, look here, hello
Oh, I was wrong, man, I put it to him.
Ricky No to you the day before yesterday I was
reacting to videos in Stream and
Someone passed your debate with Nan to me
They told me to be careful. So you
I asked for authorization privately but no
There was an answer today I woke up with
one is copyrighted to your name
can
You start throwing [ __ ] at someone
person using Your Content and now
you can do it more
withdraw from heart I didn't see the full r
I saw what was on Twitter and what I
They said, Hey so and so, this happened to me because
whatspp that I said what it was to laugh
of me not editing parts of the debate with
He with Dallas if I'm not mistaken that's it
I was told that part, but I haven't seen it.
so that you haven't seen her Ricky
editing part of the
debate editing part of the debate with him
and with d Let's see what
We edited that Fran has been hacked. Let's see.
Let's see what we edit from the
debate show me a Pixel of the lawsuit
although
be a little bit of tit at least O
maybe you're making it up
completely that your theory is
inventing Because you told me you had
That's bad
Ricky That's it
bad tests resero tests now
Well, if they have something to reproach that
contract does not prevent you from reporting if you
they have done something that prevents it because
Reporting it means telling a lawyer
what you have signed and a third party cannot
being a participant in that contract is that
puts in itself
contract that burns you that is made with
You were telling me that the contracts of
confidentiality implied that the
victim could not report her
aggressor because of course but for
I had to tell him about it.
[Laughs]
Lawyer, this is the prisoner's thing too and
I go Panda
Hey, take it, eat it. You just have to open it.
the little mouth opens its mouth open it that it
that you and I are going to talk, that's what
That's what comes out Ricky No
Oh and how much does this measure you? How much does this measure me?
I know you don't want to answer because
You know I've seen your [ __ ], you've
Have you seen my [ __ ]? Yes, you've seen my [ __ ].
yes when did you get your [ __ ] Ah vent
giving r I'll tell you that It burns you Ricky
That's what appears Ricky eh the other thing
It is an above it is a tribute that is to put
your song because I
like this is for you to put a
star a person
ricking with all these collaborations and
with all these hours of work that if
your editor's clown who is a [ __ ] [ __ ]
clown of
[ __ ], if he knows how to edit, he really knows how to do it.
all the hours that are here behind
This is to put a strike
Uncle That's to put a
strike is worth leaving me good to try
leave me feeling bad and putting fragments of
screenshots and Twitter things to try
make fun of my content, my work
Anything, of course, you just did it.
see okay to me Pau writes to me about
this and he tells me hey it's normal that
has used a song of yours and that the
video is monetized and I say uuy
clear as I had seen it I say oh what
In addition, this tells me a few days later
two three days that this would have gone up
I say what I say, damn it, and I write to myself
agency to my rep no and I tell him one
ask this It is logical that you can
make a profile Beyond being a
unworthy profile that has been thrown all over the
year calling me things insulting me
You are worthy who has a complaint.
for gender violence Ricky el Digno
It's you, I don't have any at the moment.
criminal complaint is valid, can I enter?
all the countries I will be able to travel to
United States next year I'm going to
being able to travel again is worth spending time in
plan this can be done or is a profile
an external channel to my content can
take my content use it and I
They said No in fact YouTube has us
notified that there is copyright on that
video but since you never throw anything away
Generally I never put copyright on
nothing Generally to nothing believe Ah what goes
Only when they burn you this has not been of
made the first time I throw something away
copy if I'm wrong tell me if you want
comment because I don't remember yes I have
closed any Twitter account for
death threat yes I have closed
some insta account for insults
threats or attempts to dox a friend
my relatives, people close but
I think I've never put in rights of
author nothing more than everything because
generally the group that uses Mi
music is for video game editing
for Speed runch for Pea that does
versions that he sings over what he does
percussion with drums playing with bass
with guitar Generally it is Pea who
makes creative content that if I
notify me that YouTube also
send But I never look at it because I don't even have
time and it gives me regrets, okay, but of course I
says
Trust you, you liar, eh, that the other one
time in the click that went up
fay he said that he had not seen the
rewind that the manager had seen there
there is a coincidence it is called
content ID match there is no one
content match which is like
the rights to the song are yours
YouTube tells you hey a channel is
using your song and is generating
money what do you want to do or want to do
something but since they never ask for anything and I say
Ah And that has to stay like that and it says
You cannot ask for monetization of the
video I say Oh and it made me laugh I say can I
keep the monetization of this video
shitty just because my is being used
song says man is that he has used
a minute of your topic that is a me
Also Look this is what it is
content id no Ricky this is the content
Go what happens is that yours is from
youlet because you're in the [ __ ] neco of
That [ __ ]. No look. It comes out for me too.
Watch Ricky Edy, a channel with 3 million viewers.
of subscribers watch your video your video
100% coincidence of the video is worth watching
Here I go and say move file
request a removal of the video in short
I have all the options, these are not what I don't
It is done because only one person does that.
A dirty and con man like you
You say in these clicks as you say well
in those clicks
worth a third of the song in fact
more almost half of the song and you can
ask for it you can monetize without problem and
Besides, YouTube doesn't even give you an option.
to the other party to counter or
complain because as it has literally
used a song of yours that is
registered and protected by content ID and
You report showing that you have the
license the documentation and what it is
you charge the property and according to
you have a manager according to you have a
buffet of lawyer who was fired from his job
to a Filipino YouTube worker
Filipino because they rejected your appeal
You think I think you have
that recorded somewhere But
Even if you have it, uncle Even if you have it
registered to me this comes to me here and
Here is someone who writes right now
I get along badly and I don't give it to him.
to the report button uncle Look at this I don't know
nor who the [ __ ] is Mira puts my my
Dana report
the chom pide has there a one
my interview with
Windy, it just doesn't cross my mind.
man, it just doesn't cross my mind
I'm sure it will get into all three channels
I'm sure there is a match of all the
channels that talk about me and all that
things that don't occur to me to put
a star none uncle a kiss cane
handsome Thank you very much uncle remember that
we are monetizing the video
recovering today with the goal worth it There
you have the goal, you are 33 out of 50 and I said
okay eh let's do that let's do that for
forward and out from Network from
YouTube requests to charge for the video
Those of you who think it is something unethical or
little moral It seems to me very little for what
that I have received for what it has been
This old man profited from my image
with my figure with my name and with the
story that has been invented about me
about me then you how much money
You owe it to Dallas Ricky We could do it
calculate Well of course you have boasted
that you defaming Dallas, that's what
you have made defame because it is that the la
You've even given the girl who's there attention.
Well, let's leave it like that.
It is but come on I think it's more than
It is obvious that they are certainly going to
sue eh that they are going to you that apart from the
complaint you get a lawsuit eh you
a demand also arrives for the right to
honor and the debate that Dallas attempted
delete here you invented that Dallas you
put a copyright strike that you
you invented it, okay, eh, how much money does it cost?
you owe it to
Dallas Dallas and the girl part two or so
fate you what disgust fate you what
disgusting the [ __ ] videos he makes with the
[ __ ] shitty insinuations he makes
daas and I look here has a debate with
The girl is you know but eh
Hey, a kiss, Elena, thank you so much, huh? No
you're going to tell him that he ate a
banana eh eh Don't tell him
who ate a banana eh Look eh dasas
who wanted to strike him The tumor of
liy
I think it's more than obvious, look.
Here it puts me with a necklace and with a
puppy emoji but Eh Eh Eh doesn't
don't tell him anything, huh? Look at him.
debate with
Dallas what game did Willy Rey use
There is my live broadcast with Dallas and with
delox or how much content will it have
with my content with my clin look at
The thumbnail tells me that he is a puppy and
then in the video content of mine I have
given by throw you are a slob I mean you
You're a slob. Look, Ricky, I've never given
money nowhere but for touching the
eggs to the haters here we are you
I appreciate it very much. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much uncle, don't forget that
You also have the box fixed there
the chat is worth the box for the lawsuits
that they are not lawsuits for demands that I
put but also for those who
They're coming, okay? We've already explained.
a thousand times What is the box for? And there
The goal is for monetization to
recover what has been left behind.
Okay, he needed the money for
whatever is worth it and he makes content to
Costa dala but he does it himself
Maribel gives a kiss. Thank you very much.
pretty eh but he makes content
based on the content of others and him
The other day he takes it and says no, I'm asking him.
permission to all a [ __ ] a [ __ ]
You have not asked permission from everyone
What are you doing, dude? You're a liar.
just like you invented that you
wanted for a bat exercise just like you
you invented Look Uncle Ricky so that you
inter I'm going to tell you what happens to you
why do you have this face okay Lali you
He cheats when you think he is.
God of the kids The Alpha is worth And you
you realize that an aunt comes with
snakes tattooed on the arm and you
He cheats but it's not just that
that he cheats on you is that he turns you on
the horns because you stay at home
playing a video game and you don't want them
take you anywhere with all the money
that you have to go on a trip like I don't
No no, you stay at home because you have to
to make a series of I don't know what [ __ ]
crappy game that doesn't have enough
with the 70,000 to 80,000 euros you earn per month
Ok then take the wife and
look for what you don't have elsewhere
He cheats, okay? And how are you?
Alpha with the kids Then don't
you assume you register the phone and you
you invent a rape okay No no that's it
a rape Lali that you know and the
Another one tells you, "Oh come on, it's rape."
Well, okay, it's a violation, of course, what do you think?
I'm going to say okay I wanted to trick you But
Well, yes, yes, you guys, there is abuse.
be an abuse then you ignore her
If you had truly believed that it was
you don't block a rape
WhatsApp, don't block her from Instagram, no
you delete the photos with her from Instagram
because you think that what you are is a victim
It happens that you didn't believe it was a
victim You knew that I had put you
the horns because you didn't fill it and
He looked for in another what he didn't see in you.
When Dallas trusts you in the insecure
that you are for a lot of money that you
you have Ricky For a lot of money that you
I will not deny you from having
You have more money than I do, this is worth it.
They are like that, the numbers are there, you don't have
much more money than me yes but you have
many shortcomings that you will not reach
you will never fill it with money and you know
what is going to happen very badly like the
Lalii's complaint makes sense that it doesn't
I know okay I don't know it was you who
He said he could report you because
you had committed a crime like that
Lalii's complaint makes sense and to this
kid, they kick him out
Andorra the cries are going to be or so
imagined the cries
How angry it is when these characters
They do these things, cheer up Javi, let's go for it
that goal
guys just told me something
privately that if I could say it now
we threw ourselves on the ground for each other
we reserved it
We reserve if Lali won the Tudora
Ricky bursts it I don't know I'm not leaving
to put to good use with such a serious subject
Okay, what I know is that the phone is him
He acknowledged that this thing about the phone was not
It is debatable that the phone is not the
her version and his version of the
phone is he recognizes in a video
viral is very smart, you already know that
who is very intelligent and he recognizes in
a viral video that takes away your phone
to her while she sleeps because she is
insecure and checks his phone
whole And then he forbids him to talk to you
those friends and wants to continue with him
then the girl is admitted and the
He makes Andorra go up because he wants to
answer Dallas in a video
your ego and your insecurity is insecurity
what you see here is very much of him
The little old man is cool, this is
insecurities he knows He knows very well
as it has been today in Cara to anyone
youtuber and he knows that all the
YouTubers who like me better like me
whether they love me more or less, he knows that everyone
YouTubers have read and watched it
which is in case anyone didn't know
It is still valid but the complaint is
It's not about the phone, there are more things
I'm not going to tell everything I don't know if Andy
He wants to tell him that Andy is there in the
chat if Andy wants to tell things I
You know what I'm telling you is, nothing happens.
a real complaint is nothing, no, no
It's not a lie, it's a complaint now.
Justice will decide whether that is legal or
No, what I can tell you is this.
public the public are tweets that I
I have seen the tweets and we have commented on them.
Here in the live streams his tweets
insulting him
He went to say that Lali sucked him off
I mean, how did you come up with it, man? It's that.
silly guy He really is silly
you have recognized that the aunt has you caught
by the balls because you have recognized
publicly that you took his phone away
to control it and you go to a
podcast to say that to insult her that yes
I don't know who sucks I don't know how much
on Twitter too
insulting him was also part of it
There are some private things that Ali had
save it apparently
So if he considers that he is going to
defend Well look, he's going to defend himself like
Here you will defend yourself as
Here poetic The Mil House Thanks from
really thank you very much because I need
We need to recover the We need to recover the
rewind monetization seems to me
little truth because truth is that his
channel generates a lot of garbage above all
that the main one that is not used and
It wasn't generating much but it was still there.
thing is if you're going to have here just
saying keep this in mind is worth writing it down AND
remind me later Lili that my
channel is a piece of garbage and generates a
[ __ ] doesn't make money. Okay then.
Why can't I ask my
followers
money If it generates garbage because you are
classist Ricky just like you are
xenophobic Okay and racist you are too
You are a redneck who has been a
hick your whole life and at the moment that
He's had two hard ones, okay? Do you believe it?
superior to others and you are not doing well
life Ricky Life is not going to go well for you nor
the money will last you forever and apart
with this way of being that he has eh Los
Followers Now yes but but the
followers when they mature not this
is a person
bad this is a bad person nothing
careful not to use my content without
not even asking my permission had I told you
No, but without asking my permission.
to know that you have to do something else
song At least I'm going to get paid to see it
If you're going to think that on top of that you're going to
carry money using my work
Go ahead and see if you're going to think that
On top of that, you're going to take money using
a job of mine or what he does
every day what he has done to me
what he has done with Dallas and what he does
with everyone
eh, so the guy is all the money that
it is clear from all the others
reactions and things like We do
everyone and the week that I am with my
family around here they start counting me
a few accounts that are dedicated to
collect the mistakes, the slip-ups, the
the mess that Javi makes live
They start writing to me saying this
you describe Wilson's account
Javiel Canino and Javiel Wig Ricky what
Too bad
you give the level and what is left is
This is what remains for you to do is collaborate with him
raed Javi if they throw him out of Andorra he will be able to
entering after 3 p.m.
There is police and you can enter incognito.
very good that one had not fallen Salome is
true Very good that one yes from the
3 yes
you could pay him with the same
coin what a lazy ass Look no I don't even throw them
those Twitter accounts that he likes
clap okay Why Because if you have
principles and coherence if you
one thing seems very bad and one very dirty
something you can't do, I can't do it
Just here is what I can tell you
Hey, we've done a job that I haven't done.
charged And if you want you can give me
super chat Give me a member and give me the
box if you don't want it, then nothing either and
I make this content and and and I respond with
my version but I'm not going to be the same
that he does Why Because what I
I consider that what I do is lawful and
I think what he does is dirty.
a person
[ __ ] I'm not going to become what
that he is you know what you
I say I will be here and comment on things.
that he comes to me you have Al
Chucho crying in New York appears
This trip to New York in the United States
Okay, you have Chucho crying in
United States because it says that you are going to
to score a strike a strike is a
penalty for a serious fault in the channel
and I'm like, what the [ __ ] is that?
What the hell is this? I see the
video and it was indeed a video of him
walking through the streets of some street
from the United States saying this guy that
He always complains about getting strikes
I think the only time I've complained
that they gave me a strike as such it was
a fraudulent strike of fair use and
Now I'll explain why mine was use
legitimate and yours is not just what I have
posted on this afternoon's tweet or rather
when he wrote the Bible to me I
I have simply put it to
Wario is fine and I said yes.
Ricky What are you going to do live for?
tell your followers that when you
They put a stand on you for using it
content of the people who defame is
fraudulent and when you burn and it
you put is valid because potato one
Arta's song wears glasses and caught fire
because Hara claimed monetization
He was appealing it and all that stuff. If it is
that I have put it there in this clip of
16 minutes but he only knows how to insult yes yes
yes yes through the screen it is very
very such but that is what just what
I put it on the tweet because I already did.
we know we already know Ricky The only thing
What are you going to do is a live show for
tell your followers
convince him try to convince him that
when you do it Yes because potato but
when they do it to you really badly because
You know perfectly well that today you have been
having seen your face once more, your face was seen
face no longer only when you
you invented rape, you were seen
face when you invented an order of
Because after going in your
Alpha channel with an arta and with the
These kids from the YouTube kit now
With a Dallas you don't have the balls to
debate your face was composed when the
Dallas appeared live for you
discuss what you did, make up an order
of distancing himself after he already
I said that the restraining order was
lie that the complaint was a lie
now the one who has a complaint of
The truth at the moment is you and a demand
also that it comes to you that that one you have it
that Look, listen, when did you laugh at her?
My sentence is worth insults to you.
I will remember your t and I will remind you when
because there they will demand that you
lose and
[Music]
Yes yes when the challenge to beat is given
he starts to be crazy, he starts to play
he invented a complaint he invented one
restraining order for non-acceptance
debate then it was invented that the
Police stations in Andorra from 3 p.m.
in the afternoon they closed and what could happen?
enter from 3 then when
put a burning of life encouragement Javi with
so many savages with faces and hands hugging a
kiss Salvador this is just one more this
has to eat a lot for breakfast
and Dallas where everyone
I could react and comment on his moves
when it was a time when I barely had
moved with him even though he hated me
Okay, so it was a time in Dallas
that everyone could comment on their
moves and use their clips is worth it
family was very jealous of me such Ya
at that time and it was me who was the only one
decided to throw a strike of the best Man
balls balls there are no channels
of the gossip to which Dallas has
put strike and be winged the biggest
because you have to see that the D Pon stke them
balls [ __ ] Quesada who is also
My colleague to whom Sada sent an email
Do you remember how I opened it with a possible way?
donation on Twitch when I wasn't there
banned from Twitch and hadn't been
invented that he gave him a million euros
and telling him Hey we have no relationship
last The only one I haven't written has been
10 years and I have received a strike for your
part my Twitch channel by reaction it
you had threatened and had messed with
He's there to suck Win Michu's balls.
to your owner to one of your owners who now
You are on that network because he would put you there.
to him, eating his balls is worth it
threatened uncle you said that it had to be
split your mouth and then you go and put
to
say for my safety I'm going to put this
tweet here so the same thing doesn't happen to me
that to
Serene, you're pathetic, dude, you're ridiculous.
To the south Of course Dallas has put
a lot of times the strike thing is
has criticized him a lot for
that ionar to a part of a debate of yours
and apart from that in the claim you say that I have
broadcast your content in full
without contributing anything that is a lie and you
He said smoke a joint let's see. Oh, because
I said I'm high. So smoke one.
joint to see if you get high no guys no
I smoked and all my followers for a long time
there from cu to 9 years I didn't smoke weed But you
smoke a joint, those from Dallas are 9
Your years are loved by the mother who made me
what a ridiculous guy for a second
Inn to the
Today I'm going to give you a bomb, okay, today I'm going to
give us a bomb when we see the video
Ricky's if we have
Once this challenge is over, we will do it.
pass okay eh how's it going
the box is worth it if in the box We have
arrived at
3100 I'm going to give you a bomb that is from the
that everyone is going to talk tomorrow
ok rec put the li with the phrase And such
But well you will have the clip here and
eh I was quite scared because
I say I understand that this guy is stupid with
Time has been able to verify it but I say
I understand why this guy doesn't laugh
too much As it does not have too much
personal intelligence because you have it
you who begin to recognize that
you register the phone to the relative in
a viral video you have it
intelligence that puts you in charge
horns alali and you come back with her a
strike frad slow and to the one I do
There they effectively take Twitch away from me
Two days later, less than 48 hours later,
strike was retired because I told him
Twitch I've been reacting to a
content above is a channel
secondary of a person who did a
debate with another who does give me permission
to react because at that time I didn't
He said he reacted that this guy is trying to get me
I don't know what it was like to peel it off
Honestly n but I'm going to react
because a content that I think is a
There is quite a debate about this strike that he
he is saying that what he is saying
He said that the strike was taken away from the
two days
and it sounds to me like it's a lie
Okay, I don't know if it's here, maybe. Hello.
Hello friends, welcome to
Italian but it sounds to me like this is a lie
I think it expired.
eh No Because I got a strike in
Twitch which I no longer have because now
luckily
expire let's listen to this again I'll tell you
that they laugh at you to say Haha They have you
I don't know what I was doing at the time too
He told me to be careful because I was
I put a strike on Twitch which I no longer have.
because now luckily they expire but I
It's that he lies about everything, uncle. It's that way.
we could this I had thought about
answer in the main and go sentence
per sentence because he is leaving
inventing everything, let's see, I think that
also let's see we are talking about a
a type of character who deceives children
small deceivers are mythomaniacs are mythomaniacs
But this is usual Enrick always does it
we see eh be imagine this in the
played with Lali, huh
It's my take No he's lying but dude
we are talking let's see we are talking
of a person who sets out to set out to
invent that he has a lawyer who
They appealed the strikes and fired a
to a YouTube worker guy who is
in
Filipino absurdity in fact they were worse
That's good and Twitch told me Oh well
You're right, we'll take it away from you and look with
the final time they even banned him
Twitch has
removed a kiss neco for that of
always a problem with the buo platform
the less you damage the thing, I think so.
that the only time I've ever asked
a that or rather has been the only time that I
I have complained about a strike Beyond that
I have been asked for copyright in
videos for things that don't make sense
as happened to jord wle for example. No me
I never complain about this but I do know
that Jord Wle complained a few years ago about
that in his old videos he put a lot of
the sound of dog by Smoke Every And that
It is apparently copyrighted but the copyr
They put it in him 15 years after taking it out
the song Therefore to Jord the same
They started to use copy and ...
It was fair because it was a 40 minute video.
minutes talking about a murder and for
say once sm Every olv demonetized
and says that [ __ ] me, they just got me there, it's not like that
It's only fair that Jordi clicks on it
a snoot dob song what is it called
Not the noob dob
not monetize the entire channel because
I use that sound in each and every one of
my [ __ ] videos it doesn't matter at all
Moved It is that I requested that I
They removed the strike and Twitch gave me the
reason YouTube proved Dallas wrong
In fact, Dallas has since tried
also because I got a strike in
Twitch that I no longer have because now for
Good luck, they expire but you weren't right
are
Twitch expired after months
You have this in another video but get in
strikes so many times for having
reacted to V saying that he is
I always broadcast my content
same is as if it broadcasts a movie of
Marvel if your content has the same
production that a Marvel Solo Pia
that your budget doesn't even cover it
immortality V to bring out the new
The Avengers, yes, yes, it comes to you, good and Oh
that really what a pathetic thing that
The thing is that Javi was complaining about this
Ha, what hypocrisy, a guy who always
complaint is like 4 or 5 years ago this
What happened to me with But well a guy who
He always complains about the strikes, lies
Now go and hit me with a punch.
loading lie what is it
Ricky, what is it that we have put on you?
Here look at this of How much is how much does it do?
This This 5 years ago 4 years Look at this
yes it can be more
old but this one is not this one
It's not good either, yes, it could be.
This is not even a joke, complaining about them
stri is that it is not that this is not either
look here what he is saying to the
Dallas
Twitter has returned the video the other
I gave policies and now it doesn't work for
you the other day when you
You tried to copyright Serene.
The videos of Los de Olivita were because
It stung you that I discovered things, not that you
related to minors and with
sexual messages true of course and
about sending him an email from your account
company staff
I say and for not knocking down the things that
tea
They defame absurd hypocrisy by destroying the
work of many PT suo and some more
around there probably murn too
surely for the miniature eh There
Tommy is in the chat that I have seen
before tomy, Tommy was the one who is me
rewine thumbnail did not make it did not make it
This kid did Aiden that
The miniature we made is different
It was made by a miniature artist that Tommy has.
Okay, he sent it to me and there it is, confirmed.
Look there it is you see it If it confirms how much
I charged for the miniature tomy say it for
there in the chat
loading the work of many already
video we have seen that it was not made
with absurdity no other lie besides
of this buffoon But hey, he
He thus despises even the cameo of his own
friend Alfa and keeping the money from one
person who just wanted to do something for
the community something beautiful something big by
the community and I were like hey bro
I started a minute ago with this little gem of
This work of
[Music]
art that this is mine that seems very to me
It's good that you like that your editor is a fan.
or I know that the subject bothers you
for this, the truth is that it is a topic
that goes a lot with this part I have to
say that it was very well chosen
song for this part of the ru and that
Something happens with you that is already in
a point to apologize for. You are
It looks great because you have done things that
They escape even so that I can go
excuse
you don't have Ricky with you No you don't have
that I eat lentils so that I can
excuse me
You don't have to eat lentils with you
for me to apologize to you for something
He's seeing what's wrong with you with that one.
demand that comes to you here is seeing
what's the matter
I had spent money and I'm talking about the
mini that I ordered you had already made
made another mini Yes yes it's true tomy it is
true we already have another miniature but
Then I talked to you, we did another one, yes, yes.
that you are the one who escapes your intelligence
but you would have looked much better
coming to tell me uncle I'm doing a
rewind such eh And there is a song of yours that
It sticks a lot on one hand it lets me use it
And surely it is that you notice how stupid it is
that I am on some occasions in which
I have compassion for people who don't
They deserve not even the slightest thing that you would have
said if you don't use it to throw me
[ __ ], you give me compassion.
true that yes
eh Yes, it makes me feel sorry that you
have reported
Ricky, it does give me the creeps that they have you
reported the truth I don't think you
You deserve so much, you deserve a little touch
but you are not so sorry
You guys I am that now see it there
declaring you imagine he put the video
mine declaring in a trust claim
you eh what what what was that
demand to tell an old lady
crazy one by one with a broom because I'm going to
that your demand is a little more
complicated Ricky But well we'll see you
declaring it seems to me that we will see you
declaring and telling you something or to
to get into some invented way
you know if I didn't use the r to kick me out
[ __ ] on top use it if you want don't give it to me
flago or anything I don't ask you for anything
I didn't even know that this happened to me
came to me I thought I had to go
I'm going to tell something directly but it's not
that YouTube tells you Hey, I want the
conscience do you want to report it or not?
but I don't even understand that
Well, he thought, I'm not blocked on Twitter.
nothing either, but well, I understand that
I thought he's going to tell me that I don't prefer
use it as you wish, in the end God
He wanted me to buy it, what's up with that?
This is what I see on the streets of
New York crying because a guy who
He complains all the time about the strikes.
He has scored a strike and they are going to close me down.
channel they are going to delete my video And he said
This is crazy, this is in December.
You will see how in a week they will erase my
video I spoke with Network and told them
Hey, why is this guy saying that?
He's going to delete the video, he says, because
having claimed the copyright of the
song he had two options or so
YouTube gave him two options, it gave him three.
In fact, the first was to mute that part
from the video in which an ultimate kiss
Thank you so much, really. That's all.
what I contributed goes to recover the
Video monetization is worth it all today
the Super chat and apart I'm going to give a
bomb now eh host but we are here
chill and there really was a bomb
fat girl Hey I want clips Hey I want clips
for Twitter Hey, he dropped a bomb on me.
fat eh I have to review it eh the
I have to review it but we are going to release it
when we see the video of
Ricky No no but a big bomb eh
There simply won't be any music playing.
four options in fact one is mute
okay that part of the video or rather all of this
area would be heard as well as the whole area would be seen
this part of the video So it's a
a [ __ ] is a [ __ ] because a video
muted V loses strength but damn what is it
a minute out of 40 if it hadn't cost you
mute But well the second is that you
It wouldn't have cost you Nan not to report it
video cut the part where you
song So there would be a jump in your
rewind from before it started
play my song until after
my song would have sounded like that would have been cut short
One minute of rewine would be 39 minutes no
would have to face any kind of
penalty that part took the editor
He told me 12 hours. That's where it is.
You see it, I didn't know that.
It would take so long, okay? But that's why this
be miserable and classist and disgusting
He is scorning me. The editor told me.
that took 12 hours to do, that is,
nonsense of the twit jumping and then
jump for Daniel Sancho and the whole thing
That, that, apparently, was a pain in the ass
or
a lame man
hours of monetization could be charged
and all good the third was to replace the
song that YouTube opens for you says
Daniel is frame by frame Well there it is
eclipse who was one of the people who
were on the editing team and and
knows how to kiss uncle with millions of
songs that sound similar that take you out
things that are identical to put something
similar and not so bad Although
Obviously it will always be worse
that the file export by editor because
The Editors do it better but oh well
but at least you don't lose part of the R
you don't have to cut anything, replace it and so on
I can't monetize it because of copyright and
is going to have a foul or the fourth and
the least recommended by both YouTube
As if this guy gave someone that
I doubt he will do it because in the end it was
appeal appeal means you have eh
knowledge and legal documentation that
prove that you are the owner
You have permission to do what they have given you.
authorization to with good content or
I can hire 28 lawyers to
Fire YouTube workers, no
Filipino no Ricky you have used that
You are flagged, let me explain YouTube The
last option that hides you the most and the most
recommends you is to appeal a
content basically Because yes and they give it to you
the reason to the party that reported you or
that you complained, they give you a strike
Basically this is what happens no
well This is like this and it is not like this okay or so
when a copyright comes up that you
keeps your monetization as it was
case is worth it And as has been the case of what
from Win michu with Tommy for example This
It's not that Ricky decides or doesn't decide this.
This is how YouTube works and it is like this
Tengas 3 is worth it for everyone
millions whether you have 400,000 or 100,000
Okay, eh. You get a notification.
from Sony with a song by David Bval
universal would be Javi the suspense you're going to me
to kill the suspense and I'm going to sleep
Good night my ult weapon Thank you very much
uncle
Hey, they are taking away your
monetization Well you can stay
still in reality and not stay with
You know what happens to me, the truth is
I found it very hypocritical on his part that
file a copyright claim against us
when he is
I've been crying for the strikes every time
They put Uno Vale on it so I took it and
I said I understand that if I send him the
appeal I understand that if I send you the
appeal he is going to remove it or so
regardless of whether we get along
well we get along badly I understand that
will remove it, that is, trust you
what an idiot I am
eh In fact here I said it no In fact
here I said it the the the second the third
Rewind day there is a click that is coming
there on Twitter a lot in which I say
I got a host today
Ricky's notification I'm going to tell him
utbh or I'm going to send him an email or
I went to write to him to remove something
to utbh that I think in the end it too
spoke with utbh and he has already spoken with
several people in private he privately
He has told several people that no,
not that I was claiming it to
purpose he has told it to several
people and he said it live if it is
that he said it live, so he said it
Are the kings going to bring a strike? I don't know.
What do you understand me? I thought I took for granted.
I say done Well a video that he knows
that has a lot of work They are bad
bad people look at the face they have
He is bitter about the issue of the complaint
That is to say, you to a bad person
you add infidelity no
also that they are unhappy unhappiness Or
be you to a bad person you add
problems and this is what it brings, that is me
I take a complex one Well I take
without making a noise without me doing anything
I put here an A maybe aerated one
automatic I said maybe aerated
I automatically put the appeal here for him.
When I see her, she's not going to give me a strike.
You know why when you send one
appeal
YouTube gives the other the option to
accept the appeal or not If he accepts the
appeal Nothing happens, they take me away
claim I got my money back okay
but if he doesn't accept it
if he doesn't
accept, send me a strike in 7 days or
be this is not that he chooses the 7
days if it had been for him and he puts the
strike the same afternoon he puts the strike
in the same
You understand me late Javi, he can't do it anymore
remove it Of course you can remove it when
He can take it away and give it back to you.
money to me and money gives me
same as me, I took the
monetization from the first day or so already
I imagine that he will not have the money yet.
collected the money neither he he he her
monetization is held back for two months
until the conflict is resolved
He hasn't charged me, he's lying to me
You understand, he hasn't charged it yet.
lying monetization remains
retained but he has not chosen the 7
days That's how YouTube works
That's why Tommy, you can ask Tommy.
that he has had s days to erase the
Win michu's video because he appealed the
first he appealed and then from the
Win michu Network that's why I'm telling you
I think Win michu lies too and has
I threw away the videos because I wanted to, okay?
mm tomy had to delete the videos
because they were already old and in 7 days Yes
He didn't erase them, the strike came to him.
The thing is that when I saw the video of
Javi walking around New York saying
This guy is going to delete a video of mine right now.
You'll see how they give me a strike and I spoke
With Network they told me, "Hey, look at your panel."
of YouTube control Because it already has
the button to enter the foul is available
It was a serious fault like this
person had decided to move on from that
time I what I could do
directly was to take down the video and
close the channel indefinitely
Usually this is the first time I do it.
I hear in life I believe that here it is
is inventing So you for a
video you have a button But what are you
elon Mask be this I think it's one of
his that he has a video
button where I indefinitely close my
channels I mean imagine if that were
true, let's go, nothing, this is invented for
he say [ __ ] you know why he said it
He is inventing because he knows how he has
stayed under Then it is
making this up as if telling the
guys damn [ __ ] forgive him
life lasts between a week and a month and
the one who replicates it from the stick Hey, okay
delete the video, I'll recover it, they'll give it to you. No
nothing happens but I think it would have been more
serious to close a YouTube channel
directly when I got into this
I said what other options do we have and network
invented I mean if you delete the video
you can't peel it again she told me
company told me you can stretch it
Keep the video for another week so that
You will receive 20 email notifications about this.
He's making it up, okay. He's making this up.
completely inventing Look is a
lying guy show the yes button
that shows that button because that is not
I have seen it in life in 10 years that
I've been on YouTube, so I know
perfectly the steps that must be taken
follow up every time there is a claim
and I talked to Tommy about it the other day
phone and that thing about the 7 days not even
He doesn't even put it that way, that's if you
you send an appeal
He now has the ball in his court and
he has to accept it or not accept it if
If the appeal is accepted, they take it away from me.
claim and everyone is happy, okay. But
He gave the strike And then it's 7 days
Ok, but that's a button, that third one
option that is being invented that there is
a button to close the channel
indefinitely. That is, you imagine that
madness is No I have not seen it in the
life but well Hey how he has
contacts with
YouTube YouTube of Hey you are being given
a margin of 7 days for you to take it now
a decision because you've already been there for 7 days
you've been through everything, you've said no and
since he decides what to do, fool of
I think I'm a fool. I honestly decided.
give to Javi that week I decided to be
for some reason this is an invention, it's worth this much
deciding to give a week is an invention
This is a lie, he's a mythomaniac, man.
that he defends himself by lying, that's why
judgments things
you know HM one reason that uncle was Christmas
It was the end of the year and I was with the
family were already good times of
fact I think it was even New Year's, dude
like it was it was it was a good time
were a situation of being happy not to
resentment or hatred or [ __ ] against anyone
be comfortable with everyone and me
lie this is a lie I am telling you
mentioning and he went directly to put
strike is there you taught it okay
Look how Mika Muchas is doing
thanks Look what he says Ah that he doesn't
it has been no no Look
We have received a request from
withdrawal due to infringement of copyright
author c about your video
without further ado I activated the option of
give him one more week and that's why yes
You see the date of the live or video in
that Javi is in New York or in
United States Saying it everywhere
You will see how in a week they will erase my
video you will see that the following week
They didn't erase it but they did
They deleted the next one because the very
notes decided not to make any changes and
keep your [ __ ] appeal to those who
not the procedure this guy uses
a song of mine YouTube tells me and Here
There's a song of yours and they're charging for it
I take it and say YouTube no no the money for
They're starting to pay me the money, the guy.
He complains that I am charging him.
how do you [ __ ] up is my song not to have it
used what do you want them to tell you
having used it another or asking permission and
How can I tell you that I noog another YouTube me?
says you want to report him to knock him down
channel and Delete the video once and I say
What other options are there that you can give him?
This after a week, eh, with what
of the activated monetization what others
There are options, you can give him one
another week for 20 to arrive
Hey alerts are giving you a week
margin act or we'll give you a strike
The strike is tough, but the strike is good.
It is a fault that you do not want to have
channel because I kicked you out, ban you, I'll screw you
that going up there is not going to be seen by anyone but
Well in your case it's not that much of a problem either and
I don't charge money, nobody sees me and I gave him
that week and the uncle decided not to accept it
decided not to take it and maintained the appeal
and sent this This is what I want you to
You see why it is a beastly thing he commanded
I can publish this because I am part of it
of the claim and I can share it as well
Yes because he copy and paste that I
I have enough to peel, man, how do you know?
English I think he took a copy paste
translated from what is thought to be It is
that you also notice that he lives in Seville what
You make me talk about the Constitution of
the United States, a soul of a good jug
the guy takes and in all the fields of
copyright appeal
YouTube puts the following text on the use
that I have given to the content claimed the
fair use is basically
that you transform the content that is not
you use more than necessary and that you do not
negatively harm the work comes
Ricky I'll save it for you. I don't want to teach.
This is because YouTube is lying.
He saw him and said, "You're stupid, come out."
doesn't use YouTube didn't see this and told you
You're stupid, you see this, not YouTube.
You are the one who looks, you see, this reaches you
not him YouTube look here you have it
you see he tries to manipulate with good intentions
covering up his evil He is a bad person
bad is a bad person
look look
That doesn't reach YouTube, okay, that's it.
comes to him and he has the option to
withdrawing a claim is valid for the person who withdraws
claim is that he accepts my
appeal if he accepts the appeal
withdraw the claim or the other
option that is this that you are seeing
here reject
appeal that then in 7 days I
the arrived
strike is ok but not for that part of the
mutea m How tiresome I am to tell myself that
because I don't feel like it because
He's a guy who complains about fair use
of the stes and copyright and it was supposed
that I didn't have to do it, we had to
see if he was a hypocrite and if he was bad and
He is, he is a hypocrite and he is bad, okay? And
apart from here look here there is no third
option that says close the channel for
always here you accept the appeal by
therefore you withdraw the claim or
you reject the appeal and in 7 days the
strike and he took it and hit it here
reject appeal is lying and
just discovered it here in
screen
It is worth more than the original than necessary and is not
has no negative effect on the
market for
altar reject appeal because
He is obviously a bad person on the outside and
in front of the public, imagine how rotten
that has to be inside as a being
human neither lives nor lets live very
pathetic because it has a problem with appeal
what it does is put in I don't know if it's one or
three strikes directly but
basically penalizes the channel of a
well it was not touched
reject appeal button because of
I'm actually a complete idiot that I don't
the reject appeal button was tapped
uncle who didn't touch the reject button
appeal but man but if I showed that
What is that live on please?
I showed the other day responding to the
Wilson
that the reject button was not touched
appeal says with all his [ __ ]
Uncle, wait a minute
wait man is a mythomaniac and he doesn't
It matters to lie because this is what he
sweats support for his
followers consider them idiots uncle him
He considers his followers fools. Look
Uncle In what live was it in what live
It was Lili the other day answering the
Wilson that I showed the mobile what of ha
rejected the
Of course, that's why he rejects it.
They put the
strike son uncle he takes advantage of The
Followers who are stupid are considered
lelos good they are small children I said to them
from jupla What options are there says if it
We let YouTube pass and it's going to give it a go.
automatic strike when I pass I think
It's three days, two days, or three days from
who received this notice because
Obviously this notice is to say Hey a
Once Elo rules, he starts to roost at him.
Notice: Hey no, the video is from Ricky Lo.
Ricky is going to collect and either you withdraw it or you
you cut or you get a strike because its
song and I haven't given you permission to use it
is using your intellectual property
What are you doing? Total that we did not give to
reject the operation we did not give it to him We did not give it to him
we reject you from youlet not you
gave did not give it was rejected
alone was rejected only the agency that
I currently carry these things myself
I personally did not click reject
appeal I waited for those two to pass
three days so another 7 or 8 have passed
10 days until the strike is entered
and it has become effective in that in
instead of throwing the channel and attentive
because you are going to say that on top of that you will be
good people and all attentive instead of
shut down the channel indefinitely
until you want to restore it or want to
send him something or give him more than one strike
What this does is give a strike to the
that can appeal okay we have this
made with knowledge he can appeal
It will obviously be three months
with one in the channel as a warning
I want you to learn from this because it is
a person who is an adult wait let's go
see that he is sending me places
something we remove
Behold
uncle the owner of the rights of
author does not agree with you
appeal and has asked that we withdraw your
video today
same appeal
rejected pending video
withdrawal You are bad and a liar
Ricky You're bad, look here I lied. I mean.
that you are bad and a liar, uncle
You are bad and
liar but forgets things
because it won't be all right and it will
forget things Okay then I want
that you learn from this and realize that
There is no point in trying
use the intellectual property of
another person to collect it and monetize it AND
Complaining that I report it to you is not a good idea
no sense but I'll explain it to you
what can you do now in fact we are going to do it
to read now after I want first that
Let's see the rest of the screenshots because
I want us to see what the
outcome that he has had or how he has had it
received he has not received this this
It was the tweet that he posted
Finally Ricky edit put a strike to
My main channel is a lie, I don't do it.
I have put I have not scored a strike I
I have tried
he has not been worth family He is not a
he has not been a hypocrite, please trust
He uncle her apart too
and if you are a filthy Ricky and you are a
hypocrite and you are a low do not try
cover it up, dude, you've looked dirty with it
everyone uncle has seen it all
a lot of people have written to me in the world
you have become a filthy person, but a filthy person
sloppy sloppy
uncle of a totally filthy uncle
disgusted do not try to cover it up because
Now this tantrum is because everyone
world has seen the tweet they will take it from you
They're going to blame everyone now
Every time you have the balls to
complain about a copyright, dude, but apart from that
It's not just the strike anymore, eh?
all the lies and you already said it to others
YouTubers have the same opinion and have written to me.
several youtubers who will tell you in the
face or not but come on, this is what it is
You know that this in the world of
The subject is very frowned upon by YouTubers
Regarding the strikes, this topic is very bad.
seen among us Because [ __ ] why
No
You know, I would be ashamed and it makes you feel
shame on you for throwing a tantrum he could
today having picked up and not having answered
This is a strike. Shut up.
mouth and something else like the dala has done
always not when it says
strike Shut your mouth but no no By
that he can't because his ego is
getting damaged today, I'm telling you Javi
no matter how much pity and repulsion you give me
I have tried by all means to make it
you did well as a professional that
Do you think Hero that you do it will retire?
my song You change it you replace it or
You cut that part, man, that was 40
minutes of [ __ ] super boring dude But
finally he dares to say this which is
Lie Riit put an extra on my channel
main and removed the re4 I have it
deleted it has been thrown by YouTube Because that
he has screwed your copyright like
Ah, it wasn't him, it was him
youtuber family, well, Lali hasn't told you
The court has not been denounced either.
been the
Lali has been judged and has been
called there has declared By the way
and he has already gone too, he has also declared
By the way
Ricky but it wasn't her eh It wasn't her
She has been the one played Now when you
They called you, it wasn't her, eh? Don't go.
to say that you have reported you is that
you are not has been
eh a kiss saw Many
thank goodness it wasn't him
the strike eh has been Hey well this is this
excuse is good for Dallas No when
Dallas puts a strike from
Now no, it wasn't me, it was YouTube.
I just told him my video was there.
wins and can't do it then
I'm right, your silence and I don't
put the strike because it is automatic
after the two days that I didn't
I would respond and I would like to keep your [ __ ]
appeal that it is absurd that you happen
I quit But well, a shame, a job of
many months of the team with a lot
illusion and with many collaborations and
puts the photo of what YouTube receives and
This has also been my fault for not
put a permanent one in it or something that
damage the stain forever but I
gave thing sincerely basically him
says one
permanent if there was such a thing as throwing away
a channel and a permanent I think that you
friend Win michu when he burned with him
Back the [ __ ] video would have done it
because look at your friend Win
Michu threw it at him first with
jlan then threw it at him with his name
then he threw it at her for fluxer
tried to throw for every time you saw dafan
he won the strike with the appeals
the other reported it again with a
new company spoke with fluxer spoke
with youlet that came to me some
people who spoke to him to
tell me uncle is with the video
desperate has spoken with A3 Med to
that A3 media throw it away on his behalf
clear the veda Fato striped saying HM
Churr, the strikes are coming to me.
first first of youlet then of
wismichu after 3 half Clear because
It was the other desperate one if that existed
of a strike
permanent a permanent strike That is
Imagine the channels that
would close
No, no, Ricky, you've put in a strike.
because you have burned you have done what
that you always criticize and now every time
that you are going to put a strike this is it for you
They will remember why you did this
You did this dirty thing to me, uncle.
This filth of touching the work of
someone has done it to you because that is what
you are is a fault for non-compliance
We have received the copyright
withdrawal request Anyway I hope that
It was done obviously if you ask for the
monetization and he tries to appeal it
The only thing you can answer is with
withdrawal request that withdrawal is
Dee extract But good and the
As a result, your video has been removed.
YouTube your channel has received a strike
that this is a strike that is known
as a strike If you receive three fouls per
copyright infringement that By
It is true what would have happened if I
from the first hour would have given to
maintain claim or I don't remember
what was the option but it seemed like a
option that was to penalize the channel
what a roll the whole whole and tees
sauce on the way eh whole eh is the
It seemed there to throw the channel away in one go
fire the YouTube worker eh and
fire the YouTube employee who fired me
wrote the email eh Ya del Canal
indefinitely if I had given that
he would have screwed much more, he doesn't say it
so that he could reconsider and give it to the
coconut even while traveling from
YouTube studio you just have to give it a
[ __ ] button But hey if you get three
We can eliminate violations
your channel and all channels associated with
him and this would be a real pain
because I know that this is your sustenance I know that
if it weren't for the fact that he invented your life
others and you make garbage content in
internet you would die of hunger
and the
truth the truth the
damn the truth is that you made it up
a rape because you are not capable of
assume that you were cheated on
Lali cheated on you and wanted to continue
With her I know that the fact that they put you in
three strikes not only do you fall down this
channel but the others are adopted by you
ban, that is, all those who are
related to the email address
electronic or with the network you have
links these channels that you have
100,000 to talk about different
marujeros eh It is also penalized and not
I didn't want to go through there either. But oh well.
I should give thanks but oh well and he tells her
What can you do? YouTube says no.
do nothing the lack that they educate in 90
days or TR month as long as you have
completed the rights course program
from author this is important and this
Now I explain how to request a cancellation.
that this is not going to be done, no
It's so silly that it is because yes
request cancellation we have the license
the rights and everything that is written that the
Theme is mine and is being used more
of more than 20 30 3% of my song and
request cancellation would cause your channel to be
and automatically close the plan as
Okay, this guy didn't get it, boom.
out it is already or send one to request
the
cancellation this guy really is or rather is
stupid and boasts of being one, it's worth looking at it
who just said, eh, the piece of
imbecile just said that applying for the
cancellation is something that would close my mind
channel suddenly you really want to see it
which is to request cancellation so that
you see that it is
speaking as he makes up the
lies
Well look, request
annulment
Look here is the cancellation request
Okay, look, I'll give it to him so he can tell me.
what it means and how to request cancellation
is to contact you directly with
the claimant and ask him to withdraw his
claim is valid And the guy is saying
that requesting a cancellation is goodbye
channels and deceives the kids who
There you have it, you deceive them and that's it.
that's what it does but for the
older people for creators for the
other creators who are watching
right now this live and you are watching
everything that's happening is a slob
you are a slob
Ricky But trust me, he lies about the
Stain
same Look what he said about the
topic and request cancellation would make your
channel is automatically poured more than
20 30 3% of my song and request
cancellation would cause your channel to be blocked
automatically F as requested
cancellation which would be sending an email to
him and tell him, Hey, please take my
strike that would be requesting annulment and
According to him, requesting annulment will be blocked
the channel automatically uncle and him
defend Yes yes yes has creatures that
they defend him
Of course, dude, he's a 30-year-old guy who
who plays God in a group of children
8 or 9 years old, of course, for the kids
8-9 years old is a guy
great guy you are pathetic Ricky guy you are
old man you are too old to be like that
Man, look, I was immature, eh, 5 years ago.
I'm 7 or 8 years old, but this is what it is.
This is going to cost a lot
Eh, this is going to cost you, it's going to cost you
cost a lot of reality
Hey, this guy hasn't noticed, boom, out
that's it or send a counter
notification which is the same but for
try to negotiate with the Oye Network
Ok, if you take away the strike, I'll take that one away.
part but it is already too late with
I'm not going to give you all the love
the necessary time given to you up to two
weeks of [ __ ] margin to take the
I decided to cry live on
instead of this so out Although
You delete the video, the fault is not removed.
Okay, now I'll explain what you can do.
do What I guess is that this happened never
If it happened to you, you will already know it, but if not,
I'll tell you if you select it
action allows you to complete the program
of law course is worth this B if you
The select action allows you to
complete the law course that is
Lie Ricky if you select it
action what gives you the option is to
appeal or delete the video or wait
that expires but here it is not the thing of the
courses
facts This is not
It's really like a driving school
for people with limited ability
intellectual in which they explain to you can
use the song then was the one
Driving school with low capacity is the
same as you did when you took off
they removed the ex from
Dallas an artist who doesn't give me permission
Yes or no I cannot monetize the property
intellectual property of third parties that have not given me
authorization that tells you it is fair use
your content can be used as well
that he uses content from everyone else
just as content from all over is used
the others yes of course because of that background
That's why it's in the background of my YouTube video.
appears more with a paid license of
Epidemic Sound instead of the last album
from bad bu because it is free you can
u said it eh he did
said YouTube videos appear music
with paid epidemic leave
Sound instead of the last bad album
bu
because you heard it right or I'm going to
to put it again that he said it eh
ha
said for that reason in the background of my video of
YouTube appears in music with a
paid leave from Epidemic Sound in
place of the last bad bu album because
is free
He is the coolest guy
pathetic I warned you, darling, many
Thanks, I told you, it's halfway there.
I don't know if you see the whole thing, man. Because if not.
We're going to be with Ricky all the time.
wow, I didn't imagine it was
so much uncle let's see what's up
told my tet kicked a strike for using
the content of the people of course not
It could be another one, yes, Ricky, what are you going to do?
do a live show to tell your
followers that when they put you at a
strike for using people's content
the one who defames is fraudulent this is
your Leo before that is just what has
made
It was fraudulent, Twitch agreed with me.
He clarified it and declared it fraudulent.
Dallas was banned from Twitch and I was removed.
uncle uncle uncle uncle uncle click on this
Please click on this for
Please thank you very much tesa 50 Hey first
challenge overcome, I drop the bomb on you, take it
clips I'll drop the bomb on you grab clips
it's worth taking
clips we continue with Ricky's thing
continuation ok luar I don't know if you are
watching right now uncle But this is a
extract this is a click furthermore it
we put on Twitter Okay and then
we join in the middle of Ricky's okay
sisca Thank you very much I'm going to put
another objective is valid while I give the
exclusive if you want to send super
chat I'm going to set another goal okay
I'm going to this place listening to me Lu
I will do now I will set another goal
target 50 okay And I'm going to put sasca
Ricky
Edi, don't shut me up.
Ricky every super chat that arrives now
The goal is to shut you up, Ricky.
Okay
family ah
[Music]
shut you up Bad editions shut you up
Bad
but be careful, he is strong
[Music]
k ah
ah
[Music]
oh al
No no no well nothing's wrong family
You have probably seen it a little while ago
You're welcome, a tweet that rebor has published
which says the following gentlemen I need
a time to manage, reflect and
I don't know how to solve certain issues
how long will it take me since I must
do an exercise in self-criticism
important I hope we see each other again
soon it's worth it, many of you already imagine that
This is what has happened and why it has rebored
That said, I'm going to tell you.
Ok this comes from about three years ago
approximately weeks
in which the cat left
rebor in these three weeks have been
in a tug of war because rebor doesn't
surpasses is completely
desperate calling people crying and
things like that
okay specifically she left it at night
old but
Rebor made such a mess, such a tantrum, okay?
that the next day they returned
apparently
rebor is very very caught by
she but nevertheless she for him for what
At least I don't know if she's very caught or not
but he acts in a very
and is no longer very interested in
he according to it seems
being her with him does not want to return because
the life that you are having with him, well, no
It is the life that she
she hoped she believed that being with him
I would live a
life and life is not being so
not like that Ah look he's sending me a place
that she has also put some
hints no no no I'm not telling you one thing that
They have warned me, okay, so this is it.
It's gonna be crazy. Eh. This is gonna be crazy.
crazy these two fighting now these
two in the break prepare cell nauter
Shur, get ready everyone because it's going to happen.
revive the gossip, okay, it will be revived
How nice when they say they love you
until they mention that from the bottom
from the heart Well she's going to try
Blame him, okay. But the
reality is that he is crazy about her
He doesn't stop crying in every corner
okay and she
She passes, passes, it's that I love you since
the bottom of my heart Forgive who
is up I am at the bottom or so
I'm on the lowest rung of your
heart who is above above
This is not funny to me, it's just that little
you love me deep down, deep down you
same Pedrito
Okay, I'll stop now. Thanks, it's coming, eh? To you.
It also happens to you that they tell you they have spoken
bad for you and you stay waiting for the ch
are you going to tell me what someone said about
me but you're not going to tell me his name
Shut up so you can stick it up your eye.
gold Because if you come to make me angry
and I don't know who you're going to war with
have you with me that you do not
I understand. Thank you. Stop being here.
available to those who are not your
priority you are spending all your energy
giving all your love and all your time to
a person who is giving you the
minimum but if you do it it's going to get messy
Hey, it's going to get complicated because I'm watching.
that what she is trying to do is give him
the return of the tortilla But this is not
so according to what they tell me, eh according to me
They tell me that I could, could
make mistakes, you know that many times
I can be wrong, not with myself, with my
gossip and my things could not be
the other way around it could be that he is crying
on the corners and Calling everyone
world crying and no no no no what is it
that she doesn't want to accept it, she's not going to
change and my advice is that you give a
step back if he cares about you he will notice
and he will change if you don't let him go
you will truly appreciate it
Thanks if I block you on full networks
block also in real life If I
You see on the street, let's clarify one thing, yes
I'm blocking you on social media too.
blocking in real life don't say hello to me
Don't come and talk to me on the street if you
you find a party
wow, what's coming family, get ready
because what is coming is not
little later we have more gossip later
We have more things, press the button
subscribe, hit the like button, okay
increase my clicks on Twitter
Please click the subscribe button.
like button and we will continue with the
from the clown of the jester of YouTube The
that defames is fraudulent was
fraudulent Twitch proved me right
He clarified that he declared it fraudulent
Dallas was banned from Twitch on Twitch
gave the
reason they banned Dallas from Twitch because
They declared the strike that he gave to Ricky
as fraudulent, that is, finally after
From 3 years we have the answer of the
real reason why Dallas is no longer there
in
Twitch Thank goodness it's not
we knew it wasn't cocu nor Ari Gameplay nor
Juan was Ricky Bueno wasn't even
Ricky was Dallas who put a St
fraudulent And then Twitch said to me
Ricky no
Ricky was [ __ ] awesome on the red carpet there
in Andorra when you enter, that is, when
you go to Andorra you can go by the
Normal customs or then there is the lane of
Ricky, this is a lane they have.
Especially when you enter it is worth alone
for Ricky he can go barefoot and everything
okay, so because the lane is yours
They withdrew the strike in 48 hours, man.
No kidding. So what is appearing to you?
This character, no joke, is a clown
but be very careful, eh, it's tremendous.
clown, what a tremendous clown, what a tremendous
cringe yes it was, no need to say
nothing because you have an exclusive video
I leave it here dedicated to everything
that topic was it and when you get burned and
You put them, I don't know why they speak in plural
I think it's the first strike I take and
I am effective because I was right and
point shus is valid because potato does not
Because potato, you don't have another half
hour of video in which you can
check what the reasons were
reals are going to buy it from you, they don't give enough
but you are the ones who do not give for
But now we will see what he does
audience while he puts these things
but don't blame me for the complaint
gender violence that has put you
ex equal to speak in present here is
Brave of you. But oh well.
I am brave for myself
part But what a brave mom ranch you
ex has filed a complaint against you
gender violence I'm not telling you that you
Go condemn, eh, I don't know, I know.
What I have is what you have done in
public is the only thing I know about
private, it will be decided by justice
Now they're going to call you and you go.
declare and you tell him these things you tell him
that you are the [ __ ] boss and the one who does the most
Ricky has money, do you?
tell him
God
Nothing It's just that it's very brave to speak out
current you know No wait if you want it
I say in the future if you want I'll tell you in
future that has filed the complaint against you
They have already called her, she has already gone
authenticate the report of violence
of gender that your ex has given you the same
Speaking in the present tense here is brave because
your part But well, I already did at the time
I said that in case this came to
any party at the judicial level had
everything necessary to defend myself because
I am very calm knowing that I am not
an abuser nor have I done anything in
against a person who did what he did
in the past tense: Eh, okay, okay, you defend yourself and
That's it, if you're calm, chill is it.
You don't look well, Ricky.
true or rather, it is a good face, good face
face you can't see that the figure that
He admitted in a viral video that he had removed the
phone This is not true for registration
seal and that and that he has been insulting him
publicly insulting him publicly
gia that's you okay I'll show you
I'm going to show you a couple of examples, eh A
see what you said about taking away his phone
you that is not true Let's see
How to spell cat put me in the chat
How do you spell cat please? Hello, how are you?
Put me in the chat How to spell cat
Please put the
TT with two
okay an
Hey, I'm trying to put the title "cat"
He broke up with Rebor and left him on New Year's Eve
but they returned shortly after until
then they have been in a tug of war
until they have finally left it
he is having a great time
bad While she seems
having it clearer is already
Please upload it to YouTube too.
luare that the phone thing is a lie
Ricky goes because we are not super late
watching TV says one thing
that I have not done in my life that I know is
could be considered a crime if she
I would like to report and everything that
I would like to throw myself on top of you because I know that
This can't be done, I haven't done it
I repeat never and that I do not want to have to
never do it again, not even that
It crosses my mind because it is a
symptom of distrust and insecurity
How crazy was it to look at my phone?
couple This is something I have criticized in
I've said countless live videos
which is the most toxic thing there is in fact
I totally agree with that.
what I think on other occasions but I
I did it because I woke up with a feeling of anxiety
The typical thing is that you have a dream that
Do you think it is premonitory what you say?
Damn what's going on and why am I
Things fail because everything is not as it was
before because his attitude changes so much
agob and I got so parany that I started to
look at their chats their conversations in
specific conversations with people
that I had met recently you looked at him
a lot of chat okay What was the other thing
who also said that it was a lie in
end to register it and that and that has
been publicly insulting him
publicly insulting him Ah
publicly insulting him from memory
As far as I know, on the podcast with Delo
We have a season every year
in which I am working hard
makes another trip on that trip he stays
sleep at your best friend's house
friend, I'll look for it better by
here I don't know if this is why he did
several not with delos made several
no, let's see if this one
Listen Ricky Listen to this I know that
you're nose Listen to this she didn't trust
I'm sure my friend hasn't passed the
things
maybe you can confess it to me that night
They raped me, they abused me at most
says what I could have done to the
It was better to suck his [ __ ], I don't know how it was
I say [ __ ], stop another chapter
I say I forgot
Ricky nonsense another nonsense that occurs to me
has forgotten that it also goes
Eh, I have a feeling he's not going to play either.
much in your favor than the other day
publish audios of her in
conversations with other people in the
that you are not a participant and even less with the
intention that you manipulated the audios and
and you published them and you humiliated me
da eh I think that's good You have a good
team of lawyers no and you will win
you have a good team don't Ricky and what
will win going forward
man I wouldn't like to see that's you in
end if you needed the 300 euros of the
ruine for whatever to see the orders
and you don't look so hypocritical if you needed it
the 300 euros of the RWI or that is
It's funny that this guy now goes around saying that
can offer money or what do you think if
I tell him and this kiss
photos using my song Dame para
To start, someone must believe that the
This senile guy if I had asked him for money
after letting him use my song I
I would have given it or I would have given it to myself
really what Ren would have generated
that 100,000 people saw it but not
I would have charged a fortune but someone
Do you really really believe that if I
This guy came to ask him, "How are you?"
Using my song, I'll leave it to you to give it to me
He said again that I don't charge one
[ __ ] just like before he said that
I don't charge a [ __ ] that despises you
You are [ __ ], we don't make money, no
we generated nothing but this guy would have
sent something serious Anyway the thing is
I find it very hypocritical that I do so.
You call me on your part Javi what do you say?
that if I asked you for the money you would have given it to me
given because on the other hand the other day in
you started writing this right now
that it seems you have started the year with
a few complaints that you do
have arrived and for which you go
No, I haven't received a few.
complaints I have received a lawsuit from
He is claiming compensation from me for another
demand That's what has come to me
I haven't received a few complaints
I have never been reported while I was
Here on YouTube I have never been reported
They have made demands on me, they have made demands on you
reported for gender violence in the
Zaragoza Women's Court And they go to you
to file a claim there is also another
also demand there that you will
I have never been reported to you V
to have to answer And instead of
be spending encit for States
United and in little things for your life
personal you have decided to write this for
convert to low and you all know the text
You have the box there, okay, this one is this one.
box has been ordered to fight
against people as special as you
Ricky, let's leave it. There we go.
leave it in specials like
you for eh What is this called appealing the
judicially if you do not agree and
if you can prove that you are wrong
apart from the fact that what you are doing accuses you
above and for which to prepare yourself
economically you have time for that or
to book a trip to New York for
end of the year one of the masked times
to travel to the United States and get away with it
[ __ ] great while you ask for money
your community to pay you
complaints that you don't want
take charge of each one because he usually thinks
in their economic well-being based on
the situation you are in
you have decided to be a cheeky one who asks him
money to your audience audience that I
I dare say it is completely
mononeuronal because in case you
Ah, you are mononeuronal
okay his people are very intelligent he
he realizes that the content that he
offers and the arguments he offers and
other than that, eh, eh, I think it's more than
Obviously not that anyone who
follow and admire this person has to
we are going spectacularly
smart paying the judgments Knowing
what you spend yours which is to leave
travel and live well and it seems to me a
a little absurd but good luck
I'm not going on a trip with those judgments.
so Ricky or how do I do it or how
I do it Ricky so I can ask him for money
to my followers for what they give us
win Explain it to me Ricky, I'm not leaving
travel never Then I have no right
to go How many times have I gone on a trip
this year, except for Fran's case, which was
work How many times have I left
I think I went on vacation alone
Lorena, I've gone to Crdoba and eh
I don't know if that's what it cost.
that or that is
How much I have been on a trip this
even a year
We will see what the law says next.
person writes to you bro but seriously so
important your song in the video And he says
He is not attentive to the trauma he has with
something that he said three or four years ago
something you did three or four years ago
I'm not going to react like that
It's been a year since he last did a live show.
Here when Dallas puts a strike on him
This is strong, this is strong, the truth
I think I've done this once and
because it was from a video talking about me
then to
see is that I don't trust I'm going to
check it to see if the permit expires
so that permission ends that that thing
leave
gain
three or four ago. Oh, he doesn't have it uploaded, dude.
He hasn't uploaded them, he has deleted them
Ah ffe I have simply appealed and I have
proven to be a hypocrite this is
strong because he wrote this today
when YouTube has already given him the strike
So you know that you haven't appealed.
YouTube has proven me right, reader.
with a lab seal that has told him until
Here friend is older stop doing the
ridiculous and I have proven that it is a
hypocrite, a hothead and that anything
what he says is a lie, Javi. The only thing I know is that
What I see is this. I think that what I know is
has shown today is that YouTube has
difference from what it seems to be going for you
to pass to you in the judgments you say what
that you say about me and all that Dale
time and I give it time for you to go
to win trials with Lali That's it
What are you telling me, Ricky? Ricky, you have
a complaint by Lali and a lawsuit that
It will reach you because there is a creator
the one you've been insulting with
insults far greater than those that
I've been sued. I mean, imagine if
I have been condemned for the insults that
I have been sentenced to nauter for example no
What were the bastards, things like that?
those of Nauter were
Hey, trust in You the insults that condemned
also no I mean if they condemn you for that
Imagine Ricky what comes to you and with the
diffusion that you have and with the money
that you say you win that you have taught it
that you win that you have taught that there is
videos with which you win 4000 others
videos with which you earn 3000 Because
You are very cool and you boast about it.
stupid you are stupid here YouTube I think
yes, he has done justice and justice
It has been that during the time that the
video is active I have charged it and that
once you have decided that your pride is worth it
more than a shitty rewi that you will have
cost for the people you have
counterattack edits you and the garbage that
I was doing practically everything with
Well, it's a pittance and everything is worth it.
You have not edited the garbage Editors no
you have edited vale basura, I have agony and
and what when someone puts a
strike if YouTube accepts the strike is
that YouTube agrees with you
Okay, if YouTube hits you, the strike is that
YouTube gives you the
reason is more worth it to you than that
simply give in edit
a [ __ ] minute of content in the has
used a property of mine with
the one who even wants to have a relationship
because he spends his whole life scaring you
and your existence and well I would say that this
yes, it does justice to you, well, each one
give your opinion and eha will answer you again
You said the greatest thing, Ricky, what did you say?
you expected it for sure and besides that this has not happened
been the main reason that I
touch this guy's [ __ ] while he is left
He touches my [ __ ] because it's not nice
Let no one invent your life or
distort or you in short But well you
You said the greatest thing, Ricky, what did you say?
you were hoping for sure that you would have done
Same. Well, if you can, upload it without that.
song And at least you won't have everything
missed a greeting for not saying and not
I have the screenshots because all of these
I have made cures in the opening of the
straight because he's been fighting for a long time
but don't worry my editor and my
great team of Editors who dine in
conditions eh that are stupid okay
That editor is an idiot
He is a very careful clown, they are going to
blow up this frame this part of the live
with capture of the community itself
Javi recommending him to take one of the
any options I was giving him
YouTube starts to crash its screen
these types of messages if you want
stop it and read it in which you
they recommended uncle that the r the people who
he liked it uncle that the r Mola take it off or
summarize it without that part or if you don't want
losing the visits takes away the part of
Ricky and so you charge it or change the
song and put another one that doesn't matter if
I was in the minute I know it was the
halfway or further ahead no one will get to
that [ __ ] piece of garbage of time, nobody is going to
getting to that part changes for account not it
nobody in the end and he answers him with a lot
arrogance and a lot of tranquility No Mariae
I wouldn't have done the same, haven't you seen?
a video of me in life if you say that
nonsense here implies that he never
throws nothing away, never throws away content, never
strip files copyright complaint
strikes or attempts to strike or delete account
by copyright and never has anything in
against people who use their
clips until the people who
use their clips have more
impact and virality that he and the whole
People who respond to these tweets are
He is against it because they reveal something to him
a lie, a ridiculous thing or a Philippus
that he has been seen making a fool of himself
public I did not throw this away
Ricky or in other words in the case in which it is
I would have thrown it to Javi the canine or
Javi the wig is worth a few clicks in the
in case I had done it
It wouldn't be because they have more impact
that I am worth, that is, you are stating that
Javi the canine Javi the wig and beads
that are about me have more
impact on
I am a is one of themselves who is
is devoting himself to reporting
fraudulently of
done just
of this every day, that is, every day
the days Here we are all living it
the days are worth it, they have just come to an end
they just knocked him down
where is this
So well I understand that you have been
Your grandfather Ricky already warned him. He is
considered dal
Ready then just throw this too
family eh
wait a moment, wait a moment, it's going to be
see that again I'm going to quote the
a kiss Roman
I want your body
what a dirty guy this is
Hey, how dirty this is
uncle throws everything and you don't want it
audience see this is also
interesting because despite not having the
clip here now I'm going to leave you some
how many clips of Javi contradicting himself
Likewise for a nonsense that ended
to say here that I would not have done the same
I wouldn't have made a strike, I wouldn't have
I would have deleted that, I wouldn't have
monetized I don't know what I'll leave it here for you
and Paul I'll put it on for you, good at the doctor's office I'll go
to have these accounts, uncle, who are dedicated
to collect all the cabas of the jait
They have been around for several days because they come out in the
I started uploading clips saying, well, I'm going
To report Tonight I'm going to report
all the accounts I don't know what and also
uploading extracts of the complaints that
He put that click in his name, uncle.
was
lie that click I am saying
Well, as people see well that
Now the strikes are valid because Me
I'm going to dedicate myself to throwing away all those
I haven't done it and I wasn't going to do it.
nor would God do it
They appear on TV for you, they appear on me
for you it is true they come out in it for you
the things about me the obsession that
The boy will have
And on top of that, he keeps applauding the editor.
treats him like a special creature like
what is he believed it I don't believe that it is
I would believe it, eh, I mean, I think that
He really knows that's what I'm doing
saying is I'm going to dedicate myself Tonight
I'm going to throw away all the accounts, that is, they have
cut that click and he wants it
take literally to justify it
that he has made his company a person
direct and to report things, that is
that although the day that he doesn't do it or that
has not made it have the capture of the
complaint on the profiles of these
accounts have some accounts of these and and now
It is and well this is not even
This is a tweet from June, so this
has gone to look for him directly from the
hand of this account that I don't know who it is
saying Hey This is the sub-war
live from Javi debate cone on this in
this part is not even even
It was an attack on Javi, this was not a
tweet that would lead you to the contrary or
that used nothing used part of a
Javi's live show and how he has the radio
the accounts that expose or make you
see as ridiculous the things that
does with what he behaves in the
I put in videos with all the money I had
has why Why don't you cover this up?
here
Ricky, you are 30 years old, I don't know if
you have still fulfilled at least with
hair would be another thing, a strike for
that jumps the claim and it seemed that
everything had come to an end it seemed that
scare people by deceiving them with some courses
What are you doing? Ah, well, now I'll dedicate a little time to it.
to Dallas But we'll leave that for
tomorrow
eh A
You see it was Hello dasas And look With
what kind of hand I came in to ask for that
They said to be careful So give it
or no He didn't respond I asked for your authorization
privately but there was no response today
I woke up with a strike for cop yes
We'll see that tomorrow, okay?
[Music]
Because because now we go
Let's see something else that also deals with
About Ricky, let's see another little thing that
It's also about Ricky Vale And that's
Well it has already been made public that Lali has
filed a complaint in the court of
The woman is worth this violence
gender has filed a complaint against Ricky
Eddie for several reasons Okay among the
that is what Ricky did that
This is good We can say this because
He himself recognized it, Ricky took his
phone to alali while Lali
I was sleeping to record his conversations
due to insecurity Vale and a series of
more questions we are going to hear here
Let's see if they say them, okay, but they are
insults towards her and things for him
style
Okay because I thought this was something
that was being planned to start
to pull strings I am not a lawyer I am not a judge
But no, this has already been reported.
a long time ago, months ago I think in fact
and and it was not only put there a long time ago
but
that there are already phases, that is, it's already going, it's already going
advanced
Let's go grandpa and Pablo goes up to declare
Ricky cinema cigarette Yes man of course I
I think Ricky will defend himself as a [ __ ]
Ricky's mother will defend herself from being a [ __ ]
mother insurance
Hey
and it seems that things are serious It seems
that have already happened is that I don't know what
procedures or what events are already being processed
There are phases of the trial or trials that
will have on this topic Because if
comments that it goes beyond reviewing
the mobile phone, be careful, be careful because eh
man, let's see, there are more things, there are more things
Thanks to the subscriber who passed me
This is what I am going to teach you.
continuation since the other day I think that
This is not from today, it's from a few days ago
Pablo commented on his live stream
next but put the sound on
friend
Oh wait I can't hear it give me one
moment is
truth the trial will be public in a
future
I want to see, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't know
We will see him declaring something maybe No
I know the truth is that sometimes they leak
but I don't know, okay, I think it's this
Now you have to listen understood
nothing
Ricky's thing, the audio, the audio was a
metaphor was a
I have permission from the client to
say it there is a demand that sends bit if
If you want me to answer you, keep sending
there is a demand for the right to there is a
demand for protection of the eh By
gender violence there is a Sorry
[ __ ] I'm already used to it
demands for protection of the right to
honor there is a complaint for violence of
gender gender violence because of
checking your mobile phone falls under
That plan includes checking your cell phone.
of a complaint of gender violence or
Of course I don't know what other things will come in.
told Lali that supposedly there will be
Rick done
is the
theme against
He for several reasons in Zaragoza in the
court of violence against women
number two of
Zaragoza will be called who feeds
to
low bar parakeet Kelvin has donated
100 of outer Play little words Ah No
I don't mess with him either. But also, besides
is that Zaragoza why do I not have that or
p idea because he was from Zaragoza he was from
Zaragoza or all this in Zaragoza that is
Ricky, I don't care that
Ricky is not yet contrary
He hasn't shown up yet, well anyway
Thanks Kevin hasn't shown up yet
inventing I say terrible can win
whatever Ricky wants but the
Headlines are what people are looking for.
I don't know I don't know what will be behind
all this but I repeat that it is not
we are aware that she is a girl
that in front of how many millions of
people said that then I wait
any
thing he did in a video in a viral video
in front of millions of people he admitted
the phone thing but then it breaks the
insults I just showed an example
Okay now we'll see a few
plus the pants because when I leave
This when they tell what is happening
denouncing I imagine things
surrealists I imagine something implausible
I already have it, I am ready, I am
prepared for the day we react to
This is because it is surely public and
They will tell me I am ready for
listen to Attica's crazy ideas from now on
knowing what is coming we hope for
Well, there is one thing I didn't know that
It was public, uncle, they put it on me
comment box today says there is never
to forget that Ricky recognized in the
debate with Dallas that was locked in the
bath to stick to itself when it
someone with a horn found out about it
head So he had to do another one
Well, people have put this to me in
the comments on the latest videos O
whether he said that in public
He also publicly acknowledged the
bathroom or that kind of behavior and
of actions There are things that we are going to do
What I have to say about him is that this
sir has insulted aeja
He has had violent attitudes, I imagine.
Ricky with some popcorn
Be careful with the popcorn you eat.
eat popcorn that you played too
eh before I put an example okay before
I have given an example which was that of him
Ricky on the podcast on the podcast
of it
Speaking like that about Ali, let's see, tell me
What do you think? Hey, maybe
it's nonsense
eh that maybe it's a silly thing eh Me
They violated me, at most he tells me
what I could have done at best
It was sucking his [ __ ], I don't know what I mean
I say I say [ __ ] stop stop what's up
What other chapter do I say, at most I say
but you remember I don't say I don't remember
I don't say much because it's just that I don't
I notice Nothing is that I think it didn't happen
nothing careful because we go to Spain there is
There's more stuff out there on Twitter.
He also insulted her in a couple of
there are times when there are a few hits he
beyond what Ali can say if it is
true or false, we do not know that.
We know, but seeing the situation, of course.
You can imagine it but of course you don't.
we know it's the word of one against the
of another having No is not the word
These are [ __ ] things that have been seen in
public often tells that we are
In Spain he admitted a crime that is
It seems surreal but it is
so he admitted a crime in a video
Public that he had reviewed the
mobile is that he admitted it is the subject entas
with my client and that's it
It is and that's it. Okay, but he says that
You have proof, huh? And if he's from Zaragoza?
So he is indeed your ex, yes, yes he is.
l Ali no but this already Ah of course the al
He is from Zaragoza so that's why he is
Hello my old man, very tasty, what's up?
Thank you very much, we know this from this.
He already said it, listen to me, it's that Scoop the
gave a friend of Ali in her
channel you know who broke the news though
I also tell you how much time you have
that you reside in Andorra so that you can have it
nationality but that doesn't matter at all
Here is a question I say By the way I did
a photo with the two of them at the door of the
court in Zaragoza
The photo we just saw is really cool.
and I am the lawyer, the lawyer
and the video and the scoop came with the
permission to
who by the way is a lovely girl
another one of
I wouldn't like to have them, I wouldn't like to have them
the taste but I don't have it I don't have it
sorry Thank you Gen Kelvin has donated 100
vitaz here comes the deuter participation
And how much would you earn from the lawsuit?
Ricky and win for the Deer lawsuit
Hey, I'll tell you about Ricky. It's that I think
that all three of them are going to be condemned in
Nauter's coast, how much will I earn?
wait for her 65 + 330 1995 by
1.21 let's see in theory
nauter in theory nauter is that clear
I'm trying to remember because they have
too many things have happened in recent times
days to weeks in theory it is
reported by dasas in theory here
We are mixing topics but in theory
is pun 21
2403 has to pay it because they are the
costs by his attorney are worth
But Enrique being a penalty already
It also depends on the sentence that
impose depends on many
things criminal trial the criminal rqu clear is
supposedly gender violence
Deuter will be different not because there
We are already talking about this man
gender violence But
careful careful I repeat careful
Host I repeat admitted a crime According to the
Spanish law: look at your cell phone when
It will be the tasty old extensible It is that
I don't know if I should do it, man, do you think that?
we would get something in the extensible is
that if I knew that yes but you
Imagine that I get up at 12 o'clock
tomorrow is Sunday and we won't even arrive at
3 in the afternoon because people don't give
nothing then I don't know if I should do it
We continue to get day by day to see no
It's going bad, eh, I mean, the box is going well, eh, but
I think that whoever wanted to donate
This month he has already donated and I think that
until next month or the end of
month I don't think people donate much more
But I'm not in a hurry either, eh?
I already believe that with these 3000 and
peak I already have the answer to the
demand And the rest of the phases of the month
that comes comes another thing the month that
another one comes You know so you know or little to
little is not needed either
Come on, I would do it, eh, an extendable one or
I don't know if we could do a one
extensible from How much every how much or
be every 50 or 10 minutes more for example
they wouldn't be no for example I'm doing it
inventing every 50 eur 10 minutes
plus 300 an hour would come out
and we have said what man I would name him
a limit of
about 15 hours or so
man yeah maybe we'll get some others
3000 or something like that if we get others
3000 we are until 3 4 in the morning
Of course your partner is a crime and he is
He admitted it in a video but I don't think so.
that we arrived
the case of nter is different It is obvious
It's not the same but it's [ __ ] awesome
Ok, but if that's what the coasts are
I told you 1 well that's two already but in
Andorra and the same laws of violence
I have no idea about gender, we can
ask gpt chat we asked
chat
GPT with Seas to address violence
gender specific laws vary between
Andorra and Spain I'm going to
put put it shut up like in Andorra
regulations can be legally sanctioned
In Spain is what I was going to tell you that
I don't know exactly
in Andorra but because of its proximity
It is probably something similar to what
whether in Spain or not, and whether Pablo has put it there
because he knows what France does So
I don't know I don't know how it will vary but then
There has also been this conflict not that
utbh has attacked Pablo, I don't know, I
Between their arguments I'm not leaving
to put it in obviously but oh well I'm going to do it
to read and see, it seemed very good to me
free because I apologize to the
Internet community and the world in
general for having helped this man
to believe
relevant It's that I don't understand in this
moment at this point or so I can
criticize Pablo for some things not of
These past few weeks the fights that have
had with these people but
This is believed to be relevant to see what they have
hired as a lawyer, that is, Lali, eh
looked for lawyers
and I imagine that I would look for people
that there is Since it is in the environment of your
channel not that I know of that has won cases
and such no eh Pablo will be able to fall better or
worse on YouTube and it either messes up or doesn't mess up
Whatever you want is worth it, Gibel supports you.
By the way, what has Anderson done?
said something gubel lately Dark I think
that would be great if it is an equal one
minute one two one minute but one d one
minute a d a minute I can spend day
whole for
what 1 minute would be
60 So if we spend 12 hours we would win
utbh is going to defend Ricky Yes that's why you
I say that I am not going to get involved in what
Hey, yes, he defends Ricky because he is his
Friend, you know, I wouldn't get involved in this.
topic and I wouldn't say anything, knowing more
that Ricky has recognized Is that you know O
What is Paul's fault that he
have hired in this sense But
Of course, here he is attacking Pablo.
Turkey one day does a live show with you
Giovana Carril and the next day
takes a photo with his historic cube that
reported a sexual assault to cover up
some horns and lending itself to
legally represent her in a complaint
false because It is that this is not me
I would have said this with that
the substance of the trial you could finally say
If I am a judge answering the song of
Javi er is a judge a kiss a kiss a
false complaint is that it is not a complaint
false eh another thing is that Ricky comes out
acquitted or you don't understand me but one
false accusation is that you
the
I denounce it for what I have
understood I don't know how far it has
commented Andy
Andy is that having a tweet open here
because now we are also going to comment on it
of which there is also a delo
new story but it has been restarted
the computer wait I'll see
record
[Music]
moment that that this the direct I have it
I prepared it like at
Damn, I don't remember what it was like.
Twitter of
the girl's is this one
Javi, are you going to charge by the hour? I only need 3.
minutes sweaty face a kiss Tun
Tum, there is no shortage of fabric today, luare
still today I don't think I'll stop
record video the main thing because it is that
it doesn't suit me
Damn time, I can't find the TT
of the little girl Andy reveals
[ __ ] where do I have it, I [ __ ] on it
The thing is that I can't find it but I
I need to comment on it
[Music]
Let's see if you can find it for me please.
while to comment on it from delox The
Andy's Twitter that he doesn't care about anything
ways. That is, it is not a false accusation
This means that Ricky is guilty.
No, no, we'll have to wait and see what this is about.
This is what justice says now.
a false complaint How how how are you going to
put you say this so that now you
Ali also demanded
you know in a false report of rape
against Ricky Edi, that is, without you being there
present if you if you form if it is that neither
Even I never dare to say
someone who has filed a false complaint
in things that I think or that is a thing
It is a false accusation that I
I'll take it and report you for something that in
reality has not happened and I made it up
another thing is that I put one on you
I report but then justice doesn't give me anything
the reason luare is a tet that has put
Andy today in which she explains in
exclusive news about the trial of
of those who were accused in a
topic Put delos and judgment or something like that or
scam I don't know and it will come out
eh I already have it I already have it many
thanks this has been has been Lili more
fast But what am I telling you? I mean
that it is not a false complaint because it can
be that Lali considers that it has been
mistreated, we will see the things that have happened
since the complaint is not a complaint
false Lali has put the phone thing
He has put some insults and has put a
series of humiliations also and has
presented a series of things that
They also passed in private, okay, that is.
They will tell it themselves.
we will comment here okay
the question that has made Sergio angry
Okay, he's here fighting with the
people are controlled by j and use it
for your personal disputes I do not I
until I found out about this
If I'm not mistaken, when I found out
I had already filed a complaint about this.
I didn't know that Lali had contacted
I can, I can count on my fingers
on one hand surely the times that I have
I spoke with Lali and asked her about it
Tudor theme if I passed the sentence
I firmly remember that it was there
I wasn't there. I was in Madrid, I think, and
He answered me very badly and didn't want to give it to me.
then there are a couple of times maybe that
we have talked about some content that I
I have done
But this is not what I have, I have nothing.
What does this have to do with what do you want me to tell you?
Victoria a kiss They will never be able to
prove otherwise
Ok, the idea is not to win the case but
use this follower of the accounts
you're from the ler l And those people are worth Ok but
a little bit of integrity can't be
that you go from critical base with it
feminism and instrumentalization
of the laws of purple armpit tea and
next day you'll be with someone
like Lali to give Ricky a good one
Eddy Let's see, Ricky Eddy has
publicly acknowledged that he has recognized
a
crime. So no, I wouldn't have done it
into this and says lerl Well what a
You've really messed me up, son.
[ __ ] with this turkey and he says to you
They would have continued to denounce with and without
Pablo Fran is that if there weren't
been with a lawyer it would have been with
another but Ali's is the same as Ali's
also or so Ali would have let's see
that Lalii was going to denounce Ricky in
sometime that's not Let's go that's not
It has been listed since 2000 and
peak or what is that
lalii all the kids and pambisitos to
the time answering this and all the
accounts that I see silenced or
mostly blocked as I recall
says
Here Well then These are tet that
We will comment when whatever happens
I can understand that you don't like him.
Pablo look here Pablo untagged himself
It's that Pablo doesn't mention Sergio but
This is the stupidest argument I've ever made.
heard it turns out that Paul commits the
Terrible sin of working but it is that
anyway even if you hadn't been
Pablo you are very stupid apart from
ignorant if you have a channel in the
that you do activism against the
drugs represent a member of a but
is that we are going to see that Pablo is in
against the abuse of laws
of gender violence does not mean that there is no
can hire someone to
to report a person who considers
that has committed crimes man what I
It would seem hypocritical that Paul
admits a case in which it is a
complaint
false How to untag one of
On Twitter you can untag yourself and you'll be out
The thread is that Pablo does not mention utbh
not at all nor will he answer this but
What I'm telling you is that I wouldn't have
put in here I understand that it is your
friend and him or whatever gibel you
He defended himself against Ricky a little while ago, ole ole
My friend Gibel was going to watch this video.
Nauter but I don't know if we have time anymore
Hey family, but we've been here for 3 hours.
and a half in
directly in what [ __ ] account did they have it
uploaded Let me know if you upload it no yes no
We'll see it tomorrow, if not, we'll see it now.
Tomorrow we'll see what the hell this tastes like.
see what the hell this guy knows
of strike and Ricky edy or anything
he
style Ah, he has it or luar has bitten with
Lili Bueno, this is the extract from the
of the complaint against Ricky Edi by the
Ali is worth it
Now let's see what he said he has
said gel and we will also see what it is about
of gemita and I will no longer have time to
but the gemita thing is two extracts from
done Good while you send it to me
those places I'm going to make a small
extract
Also to tell you about Delox, it's worth it.
There is news about what Andy has uploaded.
reveals let's listen to it and I'll tell you
because they are interesting
these little things
eh Nowhere and here he was
filed a complaint Ah, that's 49 seconds
Well now we put it in this extract
place so that it looks more or less right for us
It was AOX and you know what it is
client Let's see, I'll give you a little bit
more context than you are giving
Andrea Vale Delox was charged in a
case in which he was reported for
alleged scam worth Who were the
that they reported him because he reported him
They put there in agreement what
were doing what they are doing
Now the team is going to report Pambi
okay the Christ bru the I don't know who the no
I know how much against the SS connection the
two of these two that are coming out
now everywhere with their asses in the air
calling a [ __ ] a tax in the end they are always
You know that we always surround ourselves with the
better people are better and the lawyer is better
This one who went to the SS GPA Channel
connection this type of channels something very
It's funny that those people always call
to other people to violate res
abusers and those who ended up with
complaints and prisoners are a kiss
Dark well Ricky has at the moment
complaint eh We don't know what it can
move on to maybe he's right. Hey no.
we know it
that this lawyer who was walking around
the one-pass type channels are with this
type of channels not good Well it turns out
be that you already know that procedure
has been browsing YouTube channels
That lawyer affirmed a series of
phases not about that complaint that I had
of them for alleged fraud not of the
office and such. Well, the complaint was
for the subject of some courses Christ that of
the
said that it was supposedly a scam and
as according to this lawyer
eh When you have
that before I have been in it for a year
instruction must be requested
extend this one because it says so
the law and
eh the opposing lawyer did not request the
the
extension when the topic was in
a phase of the procedure before
it is decided whether it goes to trial or not
because it was a penalty it was a penalty it was and
I say it was because there is no more
eh There is an extension of this phase of
extrusion no Well then the lawyer is this
the one who walks through all the channels of
YouTube forgot the procedure and was
a deadline passed he had to go asking
Okay, I had to say this is like the
you don't have to take leave from work
to renew it. Well, he will.
forgot the procedure and missed a
The lawyer basically missed the deadline
a deadline is worth it And then the case was settled
archived What happened that Pablo gave himself
He realized that the deadline had passed and
asked for the
file So they're not going to get into whether it is
whether the complaint is true or not, since he is not leaving
to continue investigating because it is not possible
Exactly. I mean, Adelo is no longer going to be judged.
the case has been closed
because the
lawyer not for lack of PR, let's see, well
For lack of proof I would not call him
archived well it has been archived because
The lawyer has magically passed the issue
They forgot, well Rodrigo, I have
thought that but Pablo says no that
It's not like that, that's what I'm thinking, I'm saying.
These people are now joining with him
Cristob Bru and now they no longer fight for
for reporting delos of course now delos
He joins them now the goal is
Dallas And then I took it and it happened
of the term wanting that I have also
thought eh But come on in that case
same or that is to say Delos has not been judged
It hasn't been left loose or anything by the
style what happens is that the lawyer is
a deadline has passed and then no more
there is a case, that is, the lawyer of the
victims It's already no I mean
eh I've thought that but he explained it to me
Pablo for some reason no but no no
I can say because I'm looking for it and
He must have told me by audio, right?
I find it here by the box of
comments sure if you see it tomorrow
It says so but Pablo explained to me for some reason
because I told him this morning Well
that the lawyer has forgotten
a [ __ ] deadline already has to be a
lawyer I'm not saying it won't be that now as
the delo joins with the crist bru and that
troops are now no longer against
delo ya ya deor is not a scammer and he
They will have told the lawyer that the case is
archive It's weird or rather you are
browsing through all the channels
YouTube saying that deos is a
scammer And now I see them capable
because these people work like this
principles that they have are those, that is to say
Suddenly they are now joining with the delos
Well, no more. Now let's go now let's go for
We no longer care about your case, you are no longer
scammer now we're going to go after him
dalla Then I don't know, I don't know, Pablo has me
given an explanation that told me no
He has not forgotten the deadline for this reason
for this reason for this so So if
Paul says it will be for some reasons
Let's see what people have said.
the same as Ricky Ed throwing the video to
jav oliveira because it burned What
What is that about burning because he used 20
seconds of a song
nothing for me The strike is not that good
Even if you don't like it, it doesn't burn much.
because you're interfering with the work
of the other
person
eh And now
it's good it's
Well Javi told them he was going to
financially resolve the case of
Dallas and it turns out they are the same
lawyer Yes yes of course now now this
lawyer it is true it is true delox and
Christ Brook paid the demand of
Dallas to Dallas with that lawyer who
He was walking around SS connection and so on.
true or so delox pays the lawyer
that has him reported for what
These are a spectacle themselves
characters
eh They are a [ __ ], that's how every guy is, I mean they are
These characters are a [ __ ] spectacle
Oh my God, I can't.
more Thank you very much meows A kiss
heart is that you want It is that it is that
You are the one who likes to throw me around a lot
[ __ ] eh you like it you like it
Wait wait we have to Add
another thing in this extract
last if you want to have fun have fun here
is said and blocks the comments
little man because of course it's easy Ah what
ra made me a comment on Twitter today
drawing of some fish
Look, I go every day, that's why.
I say I can't ask you for money But if
I my work is not
I paid my work is not paid I
I go every day Look we are here in
Live we get a stke From this
another stke of the other here we are more or
less as if we were in a
residence of the sick and we see them
Well look today the creature has put the
another day I posted a photo of this is my
girlfriend and this is yours and today she has
made a little drawing like a fish
because we are
bagges and now he's singing to the
drawing that he has made
Look if you want to have fun Ah this lasts
8 minutes or so this is another excerpt
Lu Here it is says and blocks the
comments the little man because of course
It's easy to threaten to mess with
minors but with public opinion not
can the few few men and now
He even wants to get together with everyone
damned for trying to censor Javi
Just because it exposes the mistakes of
they to try me that I
I want to censor Javi and he was
sending all these retards
mental to report this channel in
the one who But because you threaten and things
today precisely
and I forgot about it on Twitter
comment on it, man, on Twitter.
that we have seen that he comments to
Ricky applauding the strike. How could he not?
It says something like we're all going to join together
as I hear Johan Plana say
is going to recruit the inmate
[Laughs]
He said something like we have to
unite all against Javi or something like that
it's like dude you know you're literally
describing a crime of
harassment I just want to say that you are the
Better without you gossip wouldn't be the same
You are amazing I love you if I see you I will love you
Like every red heart you are too much
beautiful
luares Well yes Well yes Hey too It's
It is true that the king of gossip is actually
It's our place, eh, that is, gossip.
who is behind all the gossip
places is that great guy is that
Great, eh, are you guys on Twitch?
We are just 50 people. How are you?
to think that such bait with a
fake baby taken from Google I'm going to go
to say something and mess with a baby
from Google you are stupid you are stupid
but if it was what you said but
Besides, this baby is not from Google.
baby is
Mine happens that he has already grown stupid and half
Do you think I'm going to eat this B Ah
okay what he is saying is not that
I wouldn't insult a baby I wouldn't insult a
baby that mine didn't go away this one is going to
being your baby apart imagine
impossible for a baby to come out like this possible
impossible
Why can't you publish your children?
because he is a damn slanderer
defamer who wants to destroy defamer
it's a
damn it's awful uncle lives report
people to command people to destroy the
public image of the whole world Then
cannot publish
nothing
nothing can't publish anything
by his own [ __ ]
you were tongue tied in the
dungeon is completely enslaved
for his own words and for defaming
for defaming people. Poor things, all of them.
the
defamer and have never met each other
have never seen each other in person
in person
and that this
guy wants this person to go to jail
inciting the ex-girlfriend to say it
Hey man
No man, it doesn't surprise me that a guy like
You defend Ricky, I had that clear
right or watching the audios watching the
Well seeing it not listening to it
listening to the audios that you or I
eclipse eh what a guy
quick gossip
chis kiss a kiss give it a squeeze there
to the target there are 15 of 50 after
having spent one of 50 hitting him with a pret
to the target is worth it, listen to me, eh
Well listening to the audios that you
You sent your ex, I'm not surprised at all.
that you defend a guy like Ricky Eddy
to report him for
abuse seems to them
normal seems normal to you and me
I have my nephews Lando if you want to go to
see my nephews my nephews are
perfect I have my nephews published
On my Instagram there you can find them.
see or so it seems normal to you that this
guy wants to put in we are not going to go to your
Instagram to insult your nephew Ray
That's something a crazy person would do.
jail to to to that I want them to put in
jail for Ricky but it's not even
They're not even going to put him in jail for it.
That Ricky, they don't know each other bro, they don't
has done absolutely nothing to him
that no So he hasn't done it
absolutely nothing the guy goes to his [ __ ]
ball eh It's already that he hasn't done it
absolutely nothing to your [ __ ] Ball now
Dark is a
kiss his [ __ ] [ __ ], his [ __ ] [ __ ]
ball What does he gain from what is given
that Ricky be sent to prison and that he be given a
the whole wig went to the nape of his neck
That gentleman, but why do you put the m here?
in the hair uncle
fine What
win why so much evil [ __ ] Why
Why brother sea What do you gain
failed son of a thousand
[ __ ], what is this guy going to get?
I'm
talking about referral link Ah I thought that
I was talking about my people, my nephew
my nephew is
published we are not afraid no
us
you are ashamed
we see the truth, the culprit of Ricky
He took Ali's phone and
has recognized me in a viral video
to people who are ashamed, but
how twit allows this doesn't allow it
Twitch this what happens that I'm not
reporting to the canine and those accounts
If I don't even report this idiot to me
I'm going to report those
He asks why so much evil lol
Yes yes yes chill and you're here so
Don't worry, I won't publish
nothing for some reason will not publish them Oh because
wants to protect them Ah yes he wants to
protect them he wants to protect his
children and their family and their wife and
everyone but he can denounce
the whole [ __ ] world no he does
Cani Tilera committed infractions eh By
[Laughs]
please committed infractions leaving the
double car
I can't line up
I can't take it anymore
Uncle, the police want to report me.
local uncle
no no no no
No, this is not a fine or a fat one.
Guys, this is another bar.
Hey, this is another bar, huh?
guys No no no no no no but
listen to me harass baby
crazy nonsense pick up the phone
the absurdly idiotic relative that is
a silly thing that can do it
anyone put ex
fraudulent second-row parking
This is so good, I need to share it.
please
This keeping a dog that is not
your nonsense is justified
[Laughs]
That is what these people criticize.
Wait wait wait set me an example
eh take away your partner's cell phone to
record your conversations
me
threaten a 5-year-old boy
years
nonsense, putting fraudulent strikes
[Laughs]
deserved What else What else
Little things Ah, not the flat thing O
be glad of the glad of a
girl like how do we put that short
[Music]
Ah invent invent invent
hitman not that he did it for them
example not the ra
truly inv the
crappy Jai
Oliveira stopping in second
Row and I are too much I think or so
are
too much I think they are too much eh or
be the people we have
chasing us
They are, you can't deny that they are, let's see you.
we had a good time in the background are
specials
you know I need a clip
eh abuse a minor ma all all my
support well that's not Tania's fault it's
It's the husband's fault, but I have complete support.
Tania whatever crimes for
gravity one parking in second row two
they go to great lengths to torture someone three times
someone four scam to
Someone keeps uploading Ricky T stuff.
you yourself are playing with food
your family
man, the people we have on top of us are
specializes eh he does have the right to
mess with everyone with the family
from all over the world with everything
do a live show
reacting that you are demanding
you can all sue me for my fire
This fire, I already told myself, Cring was fighting
alone and Javi laughing at his face
rolling with laughter
rolling with laughter face rev Many
Thank you very much, hey, we are at
good point we are already halfway there
second challenge eh but apart from that I have
set the challenge today only of Super
two-person chat and you're acting as co-owner
10 you are the best
no but well anyway it's not there it's not there
paid it doesn't matter even if you give me 100 bucks
each one is not paid is not
paid How bad it is because it had been
sister-in-law, sister Juan, died
I guarnizo and and be doing doing
content of other people's misfortunes he does
He does have the right to that [ __ ], right?
That's why they drive me crazy.
[ __ ] moralists of [ __ ] that come out Oh
How are you going to mess with the woman for
Please, I will be considerate of you
I'm going to have this pig
contemplation of this disgusting pig Ah
that has [ __ ] between his teeth I'm going to
I have contemplation of this piece
of pig that I'm going to have [ __ ] between
My teeth, man, I take very good care of them.
For God's sake by RAE Calm down Have something to eat no
I know what you'll have for breakfast, I really don't know what
you do in the morning in the morning in the
late at night and early in the morning
but you should live more chill dude, I mean
You are a happy person, very happy with
his physique is very complete and very full with
his
Couple, I don't understand why you're like this
all the
day Calm down for a day